
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.015267                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 15267344125                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               274812194250                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                2048287                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                  3862786                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               50229609                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1218252                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                   303.95                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   622578935                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                    1174097839                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.inst            320                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.data         245056                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total             245376                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu0.inst          320                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total           320                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks       219392                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total          219392                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.inst               5                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.data            3829                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total                3834                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks          3428                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total               3428                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.inst             20960                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.data          16050991                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total              16071951                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu0.inst        20960                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total            20960                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks        14370017                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total             14370017                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks        14370017                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.inst            20960                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.data         16050991                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total             30441968                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                        3833                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                       3428                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                      3833                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                     3428                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM                 245376                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                       0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                  219904                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                  245312                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys               219392                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                      0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0               244                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1               128                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2               186                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3               259                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4               256                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5               290                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6               270                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7               304                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8               292                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9               256                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10              181                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11              256                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12              257                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13              301                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14              171                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15              183                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0               232                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1               130                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2               195                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3               228                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4               222                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5               289                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6               262                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7               304                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8               281                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9               257                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10              159                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11              170                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12              253                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13              174                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14              102                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15              178                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                   15265912000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                  3833                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6                 3428                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                    3830                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                       3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                    166                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                    166                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                    194                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                    194                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                    193                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                    193                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                    193                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                    193                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                    193                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                    193                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                    193                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                    193                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                    194                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                    194                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                    194                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                    194                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                    194                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                    194                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples         4481                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    103.833966                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean    77.495894                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev   144.643358                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127         3918     87.44%     87.44% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255          243      5.42%     92.86% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383           94      2.10%     94.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511           54      1.21%     96.16% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639           53      1.18%     97.34% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767           31      0.69%     98.04% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895           31      0.69%     98.73% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           28      0.62%     99.35% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151           29      0.65%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total         4481                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples          194                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean      19.809278                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean     19.545888                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev      3.774707                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::16-17            18      9.28%      9.28% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::18-19            95     48.97%     58.25% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::20-21            55     28.35%     86.60% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::22-23            11      5.67%     92.27% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::24-25             7      3.61%     95.88% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::26-27             2      1.03%     96.91% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::28-29             1      0.52%     97.42% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::34-35             1      0.52%     97.94% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::38-39             2      1.03%     98.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::40-41             2      1.03%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total           194                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples          194                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      17.711340                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     17.696593                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev      0.704666                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16               28     14.43%     14.43% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::18              166     85.57%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total           194                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                    405341000                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat               477228500                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                   19170000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                    105750.33                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5001.30                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat               124505.22                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                        16.07                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                        14.40                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                     16.07                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                     14.37                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         0.24                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     0.13                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    0.11                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      24.67                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                       40                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                    2749                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                  1.04                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                80.19                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                    2102453.11                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    38.41                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                 16100700                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                  8553930                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy                13830180                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy                9719640                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         1348520160.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy            507083970                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy             70848960                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy      3043452870                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy      2504221440                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy        383189580                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy             7906478070                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            517.868596                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime          13961680500                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE    133106625                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF     572720000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF    773049500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN   6521518250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT     592758750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   6674191000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                 15893640                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                  8451465                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy                13544580                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy                8216280                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         1183796640.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy            425379030                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy             48592800                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy      2879242140                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy      2213467200                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy        652479240                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy             7450007775                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            487.970122                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime          14205777125                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE     80485250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF     502404250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF   2127488250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN   5764250000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT     478677500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   6314038875                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.branchPred.lookups               13212429                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.condPredicted         13212429                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu0.branchPred.condIncorrect          1095717                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBLookups            10883077                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHitPct             0.000000                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu0.branchPred.usedRAS                 964369                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu0.branchPred.RASInCorrect            213755                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectLookups       10883077                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectHits           3557037                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectMisses         7326040                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu0.branchPredindirectMispredicted       786881                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb.rdAccesses                    9843028                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrAccesses                    7423961                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.dtb.rdMisses                       133841                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrMisses                        44805                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrAccesses                    8895039                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrMisses                        14863                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.workload.numSyscalls                   23                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.numCycles                        30534688                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.fetch.icacheStallCycles           9619502                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu0.fetch.Insts                      59592902                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu0.fetch.Branches                   13212429                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu0.fetch.predictedBranches           4521406                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu0.fetch.Cycles                     19733603                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu0.fetch.SquashCycles                2208620                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu0.fetch.MiscStallCycles                8214                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu0.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles        68778                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu0.fetch.CacheLines                  8880176                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu0.fetch.IcacheSquashes               275242                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::samples          30534407                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::mean             3.729669                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::stdev            3.581710                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::0                12405386     40.63%     40.63% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::1                  860312      2.82%     43.45% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::2                 1236831      4.05%     47.50% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::3                 1412702      4.63%     52.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::4                 1109204      3.63%     55.75% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::5                 1098464      3.60%     59.35% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::6                 1022604      3.35%     62.70% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::7                  864843      2.83%     65.53% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::8                10524061     34.47%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::total            30534407                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.branchRate                 0.432702                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.fetch.rate                       1.951646                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.decode.IdleCycles                 8534340                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu0.decode.BlockedCycles              4396172                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu0.decode.RunCycles                 15540389                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu0.decode.UnblockCycles               959196                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu0.decode.SquashCycles               1104310                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu0.decode.DecodedInsts             108200754                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu0.rename.SquashCycles               1104310                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu0.rename.IdleCycles                 9304848                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu0.rename.BlockCycles                3271899                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu0.rename.serializeStallCycles         13322                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu0.rename.RunCycles                 15660445                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu0.rename.UnblockCycles              1179583                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedInsts             103056612                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu0.rename.ROBFullEvents                  226                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu0.rename.IQFullEvents                 67618                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu0.rename.LQFullEvents                    82                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu0.rename.SQFullEvents               1054506                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedOperands          109580052                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu0.rename.RenameLookups            259508103                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu0.rename.int_rename_lookups       154817243                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.fp_rename_lookups          3216161                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.CommittedMaps             67669466                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu0.rename.UndoneMaps                41910553                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu0.rename.serializingInsts              1218                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.tempSerializingInsts          1510                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.skidInsts                   914422                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedLoads            11757456                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedStores            8852590                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingLoads           473641                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingStores          193131                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsAdded                  92582269                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu0.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded              54612                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsIssued                 82420682                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued           463408                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       29324818                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     42746529                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         54589                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     30534407                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        2.699272                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       2.527033                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::0            9997845     32.74%     32.74% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::1            2815885      9.22%     41.96% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::2            3054581     10.00%     51.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::3            3051009      9.99%     61.96% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::4            3134697     10.27%     72.23% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::5            2753470      9.02%     81.24% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::6            3070327     10.06%     91.30% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::7            1638236      5.37%     96.66% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::8            1018357      3.34%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       30534407                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                 792682     73.06%     73.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0      0.00%     73.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%     73.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                14244      1.31%     74.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%     74.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%     74.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0      0.00%     74.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0      0.00%     74.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%     74.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0      0.00%     74.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%     74.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%     74.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%     74.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%     74.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%     74.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%     74.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%     74.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%     74.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%     74.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%     74.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%     74.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%     74.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%     74.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%     74.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%     74.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%     74.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%     74.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%     74.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%     74.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     74.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%     74.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemRead                 99675      9.19%     83.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                84194      7.76%     91.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead              703      0.06%     91.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite           93518      8.62%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass           511912      0.62%      0.62% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu             62436276     75.75%     76.37% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult               73914      0.09%     76.46% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                85871      0.10%     76.57% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            1161864      1.41%     77.98% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     77.98% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     77.98% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     77.98% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     77.98% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0      0.00%     77.98% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0      0.00%     77.98% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     77.98% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     77.98% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     77.98% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     77.98% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     77.98% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     77.98% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0      0.00%     77.98% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     77.98% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     77.98% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     77.98% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     77.98% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     77.98% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     77.98% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     77.98% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     77.98% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     77.98% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     77.98% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0      0.00%     77.98% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     77.98% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     77.98% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     77.98% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead             9992091     12.12%     90.10% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite            7462855      9.05%     99.16% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead         397370      0.48%     99.64% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite        298529      0.36%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::total              82420682                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.rate                          2.699248                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_cnt                    1085016                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.013164                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_reads         192945079                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_writes        118787337                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     76849445                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            3979113                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes           3175438                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1795297                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.int_alu_accesses              80984700                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_alu_accesses                2009086                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         1213026                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      4176767                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses        11193                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         2442                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores      2651711                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          112                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu0.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu0.iew.iewSquashCycles               1104310                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu0.iew.iewBlockCycles                3320961                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewUnblockCycles                 5886                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispatchedInsts           92636881                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts            15957                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispLoadInsts             11757456                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispStoreInsts             8852590                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts             19319                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewIQFullEvents                    96                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                 5830                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          2442                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu0.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        296386                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1150719                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.branchMispredicts             1447105                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecutedInsts             79787800                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecLoadInsts              9836076                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts          2632879                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu0.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_refs                    17252640                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_branches                 8636879                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_stores                   7416564                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_rate                    2.613022                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu0.iew.wb_sent                      79244579                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu0.iew.wb_count                     78644742                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu0.iew.wb_producers                 54886827                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_consumers                 85973183                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_rate                      2.575587                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu0.iew.wb_fanout                    0.638418                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu0.commit.commitSquashedInsts       29325327                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu0.commit.commitNonSpecStalls             23                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu0.commit.branchMispredicts          1103647                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     26111076                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     2.424719                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     2.733169                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      9539459     36.53%     36.53% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      3730653     14.29%     50.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      2599801      9.96%     60.78% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      3515796     13.46%     74.24% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      1127448      4.32%     78.56% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1124854      4.31%     82.87% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       811680      3.11%     85.98% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       460830      1.76%     87.74% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      3200555     12.26%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     26111076                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committedInsts            33430155                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.commit.committedOps              63312035                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu0.commit.refs                      13781562                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu0.commit.loads                      7580687                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu0.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu0.commit.branches                   7369011                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu0.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.fp_insts                   1287932                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.int_insts                 62344563                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.function_calls              457367                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass       256501      0.41%      0.41% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu        48172469     76.09%     76.49% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntMult          53655      0.08%     76.58% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv           74956      0.12%     76.70% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd        972892      1.54%     78.23% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     78.23% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     78.23% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.23% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.23% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     78.23% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.23% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.23% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     78.23% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.23% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     78.23% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     78.23% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     78.23% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     78.23% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0      0.00%     78.23% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.23% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.23% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.23% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     78.23% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.23% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.23% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.23% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.23% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.23% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.23% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.23% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.23% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.23% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemRead        7308505     11.54%     89.78% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite       6200875      9.79%     99.57% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead       272182      0.43%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::total         63312035                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.bw_lim_events              3200555                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu0.rob.rob_reads                   115547883                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu0.rob.rob_writes                  189782694                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu0.timesIdled                             28                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu0.idleCycles                            281                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu0.committedInsts                   33430155                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu0.committedOps                     63312035                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu0.cpi                              0.913388                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu0.cpi_total                        0.913388                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu0.ipc                              1.094825                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu0.ipc_total                        1.094825                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_reads               115319651                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_writes               61607263                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_reads                  2522639                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_writes                 1239013                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_reads                 40146941                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_writes                21037110                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu0.misc_regfile_reads               35052486                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements             4944                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                1024                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs             631857                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs             4944                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs           127.802791                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data         1024                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            4                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           31                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          246                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          481                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          262                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         58805692                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses        58805692                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data      8492017                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        8492017                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.data      6200738                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       6200738                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu0.data     14692755                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total        14692755                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu0.data     14692755                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total       14692755                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data         4140                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         4140                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu0.data         3292                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         3292                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu0.data         7432                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total          7432                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu0.data         7432                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total         7432                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    229525500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    229525500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    571655000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    571655000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data    801180500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    801180500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data    801180500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    801180500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data      8496157                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8496157                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.data      6204030                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      6204030                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu0.data     14700187                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total     14700187                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu0.data     14700187                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total     14700187                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.000487                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000487                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.000531                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000531                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.000506                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000506                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.000506                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000506                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 55440.942029                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 55440.942029                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 173649.756987                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 173649.756987                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 107801.466631                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 107801.466631                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 107801.466631                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 107801.466631                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         3717                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total             3717                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data         2476                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         2476                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data           11                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.data         2487                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         2487                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.data         2487                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         2487                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         1664                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1664                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         3281                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         3281                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         4945                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         4945                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         4945                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         4945                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    125608500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    125608500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    566892000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    566892000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    692500500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    692500500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    692500500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    692500500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.000196                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000196                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.000529                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000529                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.000336                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000336                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.000336                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000336                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 75485.877404                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 75485.877404                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 172780.249924                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 172780.249924                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 140040.546006                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 140040.546006                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 140040.546006                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 140040.546006                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements              479                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse         1022.000010                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs             232172                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs              479                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs           484.701461                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst  1022.000010                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.998047                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.998047                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1022                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            7                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           11                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         1003                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.998047                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses         35521185                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses        35521185                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst      8879672                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        8879672                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu0.inst      8879672                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total         8879672                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu0.inst      8879672                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total        8879672                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.inst          504                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          504                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::cpu0.inst          504                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total           504                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::cpu0.inst          504                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total          504                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst      6795500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      6795500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst      6795500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      6795500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst      6795500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      6795500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst      8880176                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8880176                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst      8880176                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total      8880176                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst      8880176                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total      8880176                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000057                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000057                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000057                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000057                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000057                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000057                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 13483.134921                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 13483.134921                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 13483.134921                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 13483.134921                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 13483.134921                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 13483.134921                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::writebacks          479                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::total              479                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst           23                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           23                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst           23                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           23                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst           23                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           23                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          481                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          481                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          481                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          481                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          481                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          481                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst      6164000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6164000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst      6164000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6164000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst      6164000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6164000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000054                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000054                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000054                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000054                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000054                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000054                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 12814.968815                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12814.968815                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 12814.968815                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12814.968815                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 12814.968815                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12814.968815                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.branchPred.lookups                      0                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.condPredicted                0                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu1.branchPred.condIncorrect                0                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBLookups                   0                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHitPct                  nan                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu1.branchPred.usedRAS                      0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu1.branchPred.RASInCorrect                 0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectLookups              0                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectHits                 0                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectMisses               0                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu1.branchPredindirectMispredicted            0                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu1.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::samples                 0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::mean                  nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::stdev                 nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::0                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::1                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::2                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::3                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::4                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::5                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::6                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::7                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::8                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::max_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::total                   0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.idleRate                        nan                       # Percent of cycles fetch was idle
system.cpu1.fetch.branchRate                      nan                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.fetch.rate                            nan                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.rename.serializeStallCycles             0                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu1.rename.serializingInsts                 0                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.tempSerializingInsts             0                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.skidInsts                        0                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedLoads                   0                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedStores                  0                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingLoads                0                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingStores               0                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean             nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev            nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::0                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::1                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::2                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::3                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::4                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::5                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::6                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::7                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::8                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::total              0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemRead                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::total                     0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.rate                               nan                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_cnt                          0                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_rate                       nan                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                  0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads               0                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads            0                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            0                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores            0                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu1.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu1.iew.iewSquashCycles                     0                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu1.iew.iewBlockCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewUnblockCycles                    0                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispatchedInsts                  0                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispStoreInsts                   0                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                 0                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewIQFullEvents                     0                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                    0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             0                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu1.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect             0                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect            0                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.branchMispredicts                   0                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecutedInsts                    0                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu1.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_refs                           0                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_branches                       0                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_stores                         0                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_rate                         nan                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu1.iew.wb_sent                             0                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu1.iew.wb_count                            0                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu1.iew.wb_producers                        0                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_consumers                        0                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_rate                           nan                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu1.iew.wb_fanout                         nan                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::0            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::1            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::2            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::3            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::4            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::5            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::6            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::7            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::8            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::total            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committedInsts                   0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.commit.committedOps                     0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu1.commit.refs                             0                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu1.commit.loads                            0                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu1.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu1.commit.branches                         0                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu1.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.fp_insts                         0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.int_insts                        0                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.function_calls                   0                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntMult              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemRead              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::total                0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.bw_lim_events                    0                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu1.rob.rob_reads                           0                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu1.rob.rob_writes                          0                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu1.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu1.committedOps                            0                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu1.cpi                                   nan                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu1.cpi_total                             nan                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu1.ipc                                   nan                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu1.ipc_total                             nan                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.replacements                      3844                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                        16384                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                        5025                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                      3844                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      1.307232                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks       43.383295                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst        26.465756                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data     16314.150949                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.002648                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst        0.001615                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data        0.995737                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total                   1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         16384                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           21                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          224                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         2252                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4        13884                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                     90540                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                    90540                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks         3717                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total             3717                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks          479                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total              479                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu0.data                 6                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                     6                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu0.inst            474                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::total                474                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu0.data          1109                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total              1109                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.inst                  474                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.data                 1115                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                     1589                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.inst                 474                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.data                1115                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                    1589                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu0.data              2                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::total                  2                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0.data            3273                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                3273                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu0.inst            5                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total                5                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu0.data          555                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total             555                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.inst                  5                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.data               3828                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                   3833                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.inst                 5                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.data              3828                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                  3833                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    561846000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     561846000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       462500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total       462500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    111423000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total    111423000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       462500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data    673269000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total        673731500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       462500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data    673269000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total       673731500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks         3717                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         3717                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks          479                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total          479                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu0.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total                2                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0.data          3279                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total              3279                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu0.inst          479                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total            479                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu0.data         1664                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total          1664                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst              479                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.data             4943                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total                 5422                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst             479                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.data            4943                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total                5422                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total               1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.998170                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.998170                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.010438                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total      0.010438                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.333534                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.333534                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst        0.010438                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data        0.774428                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.706935                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst       0.010438                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data       0.774428                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.706935                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 171660.861595                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 171660.861595                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        92500                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total        92500                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 200762.162162                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 200762.162162                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        92500                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 175880.094044                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 175771.327942                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        92500                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 175880.094044                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 175771.327942                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                 3428                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                      3428                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::writebacks           10                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::total            10                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total             2                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         3273                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           3273                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst            5                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total            5                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data          555                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total          555                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst             5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data          3828                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total              3833                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst            5                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         3828                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total             3833                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data        40000                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        40000                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    529106000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    529106000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       412500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       412500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    105873000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    105873000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       412500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    634979000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    635391500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       412500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    634979000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    635391500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::writebacks          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.998170                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.998170                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.010438                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.010438                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.333534                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.333534                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.010438                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.774428                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.706935                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.010438                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.774428                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.706935                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data        20000                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        20000                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 161657.806294                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 161657.806294                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        82500                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        82500                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 190762.162162                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 190762.162162                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        82500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 165877.481714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 165768.719019                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        82500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 165877.481714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 165768.719019                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests          7673                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests         3841                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp                560                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         3428                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict              410                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq                2                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq              3273                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp             3274                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq           560                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port        11507                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total        11507                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  11507                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       464768                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total       464768                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                  464768                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples              3835                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                    3835    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total                3835                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer4.occupancy            22350500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer4.utilization               0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy           21091000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests        10849                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests         5423                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests           14                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops             16                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops           16                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp              2145                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         7145                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean          479                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict            1643                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq               2                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp              2                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq             3279                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp            3280                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq           481                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq         1664                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side         1439                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        14835                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total                 16274                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        61312                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       554304                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total                 615616                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                            3846                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                    219520                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples             9270                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.003236                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.056799                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                   9240     99.68%     99.68% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                     30      0.32%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::5                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::6                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::7                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::8                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total               9270                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy            9620500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy            721500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy           7417000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
