
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.015267                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 15267344125                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               4687074646375                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                               85804804                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                159187140                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              231172664                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1248940                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                    66.04                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  5666808184                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   10513200493                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.data       12412160                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total           12412160                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks        33024                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total           33024                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.data          193940                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total              193940                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks           516                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total                516                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.data         812987504                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total             812987504                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks         2163048                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total              2163048                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks         2163048                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.data        812987504                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total            815150553                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                      193938                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                        516                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                    193938                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                      516                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM               12405888                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                    6144                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                   32768                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                12412032                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys                33024                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                     96                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     4                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0             11893                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1             11965                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2             11766                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3             12663                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4             12764                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5             12383                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6             12709                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7             12113                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8             11924                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9             11673                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10            11939                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11            11985                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12            11962                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13            11886                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14            12011                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15            12206                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1                11                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2                34                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3               148                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4                26                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5               128                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6               128                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7                37                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                   15267341000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                193938                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6                  516                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                  146010                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                   44507                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                    3274                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                      51                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                     32                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                     32                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                     32                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                     32                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                     32                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                     32                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                     32                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                     32                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                     32                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                     32                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                     32                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                     32                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                     32                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                     32                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                     32                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                     32                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples        97358                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    127.752172                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   109.795249                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev    76.892377                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127        42408     43.56%     43.56% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255        44222     45.42%     88.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383         9247      9.50%     98.48% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511         1275      1.31%     99.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639          163      0.17%     99.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767           23      0.02%     99.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895            8      0.01%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023            5      0.01%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151            7      0.01%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total        97358                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples           32                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean    6070.812500                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean   5929.080818                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev   1317.739057                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::3072-3583            1      3.12%      3.12% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::3584-4095            2      6.25%      9.38% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::4096-4607            1      3.12%     12.50% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::4608-5119            4     12.50%     25.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::5120-5631            4     12.50%     37.50% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::5632-6143            4     12.50%     50.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::6144-6655            6     18.75%     68.75% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::6656-7167            3      9.38%     78.12% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::7168-7679            4     12.50%     90.62% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::7680-8191            1      3.12%     93.75% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::8192-8703            1      3.12%     96.88% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::9216-9727            1      3.12%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total            32                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples           32                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean             16                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     16.000000                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16               32    100.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total            32                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                   4735639000                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat              8370176500                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                  969210000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     24430.41                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                43180.41                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                       812.58                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                         2.15                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                    812.98                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                      2.16                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         6.37                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     6.35                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    0.02                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.32                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      25.49                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                    96556                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                     438                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 49.81                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                85.55                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                      78513.90                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    49.91                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                351780660                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                186975855                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy               701547840                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy                2672640                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         1205309040.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy           1639930470                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy             24526080                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy      5178913980                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy        95949600                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy                0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy             9387606165                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            614.881415                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime          11607886250                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE      9525500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF     509860000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    250021000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT    3140072375                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  11357865250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                343369740                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                182497755                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy               682484040                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy                      0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         1205923680.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy           1601543820                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy             24603360                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy      5200827630                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy       109644480                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy     614640.000000                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy             9351558885                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            612.520345                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime          11691122000                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE      9948000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF     510126000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF       149000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    285727250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT    3055955750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  11405438125                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.branchPred.lookups                1678280                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.condPredicted          1678280                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu0.branchPred.condIncorrect            73302                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBLookups             1278528                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHitPct             0.000000                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu0.branchPred.usedRAS                  51937                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu0.branchPred.RASInCorrect              7815                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectLookups        1278528                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectHits            709081                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectMisses          569447                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu0.branchPredindirectMispredicted        23430                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb.rdAccesses                     786389                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrAccesses                      60150                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.dtb.rdMisses                       152439                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrMisses                         1113                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrAccesses                    1373729                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrMisses                         5604                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.workload.numSyscalls                    0                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.numCycles                        30534688                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.fetch.icacheStallCycles           1406715                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu0.fetch.Insts                       4954481                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu0.fetch.Branches                    1678280                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu0.fetch.predictedBranches            761018                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu0.fetch.Cycles                     28934194                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu0.fetch.SquashCycles                 150180                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu0.fetch.TlbCycles                      2914                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
system.cpu0.fetch.MiscStallCycles                1252                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu0.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles        53089                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu0.fetch.CacheLines                  1368125                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu0.fetch.IcacheSquashes                 8489                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.ItlbSquashes                      9                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::samples          30473254                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::mean             0.327611                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::stdev            1.442541                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::0                28565502     93.74%     93.74% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::1                   21078      0.07%     93.81% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::2                  666836      2.19%     96.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::3                   30559      0.10%     96.10% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::4                  134544      0.44%     96.54% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::5                   79273      0.26%     96.80% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::6                   87503      0.29%     97.09% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::7                   26283      0.09%     97.17% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::8                  861676      2.83%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::total            30473254                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.branchRate                 0.054963                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.fetch.rate                       0.162257                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.decode.IdleCycles                  711618                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu0.decode.BlockedCycles             28432533                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu0.decode.RunCycles                   933609                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu0.decode.UnblockCycles               320404                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu0.decode.SquashCycles                 75090                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu0.decode.DecodedInsts               8171723                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu0.rename.SquashCycles                 75090                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu0.rename.IdleCycles                  809513                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu0.rename.BlockCycles               27108879                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu0.rename.serializeStallCycles         17208                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu0.rename.RunCycles                  1076007                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu0.rename.UnblockCycles              1386557                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedInsts               7825457                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu0.rename.ROBFullEvents                98857                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu0.rename.IQFullEvents               1030740                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu0.rename.LQFullEvents                308773                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu0.rename.SQFullEvents                   501                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedOperands            9346194                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu0.rename.RenameLookups             21703944                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu0.rename.int_rename_lookups        10335677                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.fp_rename_lookups            46958                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.CommittedMaps              3232767                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu0.rename.UndoneMaps                 6113429                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu0.rename.serializingInsts               286                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.tempSerializingInsts           380                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.skidInsts                  2020601                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedLoads             1391220                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedStores              87560                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingLoads             5393                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingStores            4876                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsAdded                   7417741                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu0.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded               5472                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsIssued                  5310180                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued             7236                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined        4730525                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      9708194                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          5472                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     30473254                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        0.174257                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       0.769051                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::0           28343586     93.01%     93.01% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::1             820641      2.69%     95.70% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::2             447081      1.47%     97.17% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::3             301694      0.99%     98.16% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::4             322395      1.06%     99.22% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::5             101208      0.33%     99.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::6              83962      0.28%     99.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::7              30593      0.10%     99.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::8              22094      0.07%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       30473254                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                  12805     67.16%     67.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0      0.00%     67.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%     67.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                 1331      6.98%     74.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%     74.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%     74.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0      0.00%     74.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0      0.00%     74.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%     74.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0      0.00%     74.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%     74.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%     74.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%     74.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%     74.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%     74.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%     74.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%     74.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%     74.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%     74.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%     74.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%     74.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%     74.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%     74.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%     74.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%     74.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%     74.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%     74.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%     74.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%     74.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     74.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%     74.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemRead                  4408     23.12%     97.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                  295      1.55%     98.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead              192      1.01%     99.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite              35      0.18%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            19175      0.36%      0.36% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu              4371722     82.33%     82.69% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                1275      0.02%     82.71% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                11828      0.22%     82.94% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd              17030      0.32%     83.26% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     83.26% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     83.26% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     83.26% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     83.26% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0      0.00%     83.26% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0      0.00%     83.26% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     83.26% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     83.26% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     83.26% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     83.26% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     83.26% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     83.26% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0      0.00%     83.26% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     83.26% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     83.26% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     83.26% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     83.26% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     83.26% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     83.26% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     83.26% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     83.26% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     83.26% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     83.26% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0      0.00%     83.26% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     83.26% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     83.26% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     83.26% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead              820928     15.46%     98.72% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite              64511      1.21%     99.93% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead           3593      0.07%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite           118      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::total               5310180                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.rate                          0.173906                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_cnt                      19066                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.003590                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_reads          41076539                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_writes         12113797                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      5082043                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads              43377                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes             39942                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses        18467                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.int_alu_accesses               5287763                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_alu_accesses                  22308                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads            5214                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       894001                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          147                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            1                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        52759                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           44                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked         1258                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu0.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu0.iew.iewSquashCycles                 75090                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu0.iew.iewBlockCycles               24958901                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewUnblockCycles               291273                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispatchedInsts            7423213                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts             4896                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispLoadInsts              1391220                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispStoreInsts               87560                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts              2004                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewIQFullEvents                 19707                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                87459                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             1                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu0.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         40122                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        43315                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.branchMispredicts               83437                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecutedInsts              5210385                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecLoadInsts               786078                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts            99795                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu0.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_refs                      846202                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_branches                  611590                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_stores                     60124                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_rate                    0.170638                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu0.iew.wb_sent                       5119600                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu0.iew.wb_count                      5100510                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu0.iew.wb_producers                  3781565                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_consumers                  5984570                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_rate                      0.167040                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu0.iew.wb_fanout                    0.631886                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu0.commit.commitSquashedInsts        4731491                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu0.commit.branchMispredicts            75089                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     29802850                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.090350                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     0.564613                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     28662281     96.17%     96.17% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       520010      1.74%     97.92% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       125097      0.42%     98.34% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       331335      1.11%     99.45% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        65058      0.22%     99.67% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        35230      0.12%     99.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         6752      0.02%     99.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         5110      0.02%     99.83% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        51977      0.17%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     29802850                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committedInsts             1348438                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.commit.committedOps               2692689                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu0.commit.refs                        532020                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu0.commit.loads                       497219                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu0.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu0.commit.branches                    472667                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu0.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.fp_insts                     13938                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.int_insts                  2678615                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.function_calls                6150                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass         4180      0.16%      0.16% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu         2134249     79.26%     79.42% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntMult            246      0.01%     79.43% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv           10078      0.37%     79.80% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd         11916      0.44%     80.24% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     80.24% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     80.24% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     80.24% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.24% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     80.24% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0      0.00%     80.24% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     80.24% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     80.24% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     80.24% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     80.24% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     80.24% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     80.24% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     80.24% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0      0.00%     80.24% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.24% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     80.24% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     80.24% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     80.24% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     80.24% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     80.24% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     80.24% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     80.24% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     80.24% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     80.24% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     80.24% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.24% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     80.24% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemRead         495197     18.39%     98.63% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite         34801      1.29%     99.92% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead         2022      0.08%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::total          2692689                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.bw_lim_events                51977                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu0.rob.rob_reads                    37175053                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu0.rob.rob_writes                   15520526                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu0.timesIdled                            485                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu0.idleCycles                          61434                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu0.committedInsts                    1348438                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu0.committedOps                      2692689                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu0.cpi                             22.644488                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu0.cpi_total                       22.644488                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu0.ipc                              0.044161                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu0.ipc_total                        0.044161                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_reads                 5270238                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_writes                4437016                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_reads                    32768                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_writes                   16336                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_reads                  3219232                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_writes                 1415075                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu0.misc_regfile_reads                2705264                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements           249493                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                1024                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs             356077                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           249493                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs             1.427202                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data         1024                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          145                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          780                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           98                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses          3492821                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses         3492821                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data       330555                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         330555                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.data        33776                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         33776                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu0.data       364331                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total          364331                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu0.data       364331                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total         364331                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data       445476                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       445476                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu0.data         1025                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         1025                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu0.data       446501                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total        446501                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu0.data       446501                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total       446501                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  34985541000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  34985541000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data     44650500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     44650500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  35030191500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  35030191500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  35030191500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  35030191500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data       776031                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       776031                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.data        34801                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        34801                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu0.data       810832                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total       810832                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu0.data       810832                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total       810832                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.574044                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.574044                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.029453                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.029453                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.550670                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.550670                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.550670                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.550670                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 78535.187081                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 78535.187081                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 43561.463415                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 43561.463415                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 78454.900437                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 78454.900437                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 78454.900437                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 78454.900437                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs        26590                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs             1057                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    25.156102                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         2414                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total             2414                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       197003                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       197003                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data            7                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       197010                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       197010                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       197010                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       197010                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       248473                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       248473                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         1018                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         1018                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       249491                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       249491                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       249491                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       249491                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  19321299500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  19321299500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     43009500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     43009500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  19364309000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  19364309000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  19364309000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  19364309000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.320184                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.320184                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.029252                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.029252                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.307698                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.307698                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.307698                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.307698                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 77760.157039                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77760.157039                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 42249.017682                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 42249.017682                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 77615.260671                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77615.260671                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 77615.260671                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77615.260671                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse                1021                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst         1021                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.997070                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.997070                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1021                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         1021                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.997070                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses          5472500                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses         5472500                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst      1368125                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        1368125                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu0.inst      1368125                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total         1368125                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu0.inst      1368125                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total        1368125                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst      1368125                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1368125                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst      1368125                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total      1368125                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst      1368125                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total      1368125                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.branchPred.lookups                      0                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.condPredicted                0                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu1.branchPred.condIncorrect                0                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBLookups                   0                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHitPct                  nan                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu1.branchPred.usedRAS                      0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu1.branchPred.RASInCorrect                 0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectLookups              0                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectHits                 0                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectMisses               0                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu1.branchPredindirectMispredicted            0                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu1.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::samples                 0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::mean                  nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::stdev                 nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::0                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::1                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::2                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::3                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::4                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::5                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::6                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::7                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::8                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::max_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::total                   0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.idleRate                        nan                       # Percent of cycles fetch was idle
system.cpu1.fetch.branchRate                      nan                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.fetch.rate                            nan                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.rename.serializeStallCycles             0                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu1.rename.serializingInsts                 0                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.tempSerializingInsts             0                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.skidInsts                        0                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedLoads                   0                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedStores                  0                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingLoads                0                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingStores               0                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean             nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev            nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::0                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::1                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::2                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::3                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::4                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::5                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::6                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::7                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::8                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::total              0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemRead                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::total                     0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.rate                               nan                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_cnt                          0                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_rate                       nan                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                  0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads               0                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads            0                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            0                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores            0                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu1.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu1.iew.iewSquashCycles                     0                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu1.iew.iewBlockCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewUnblockCycles                    0                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispatchedInsts                  0                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispStoreInsts                   0                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                 0                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewIQFullEvents                     0                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                    0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             0                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu1.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect             0                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect            0                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.branchMispredicts                   0                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecutedInsts                    0                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu1.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_refs                           0                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_branches                       0                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_stores                         0                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_rate                         nan                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu1.iew.wb_sent                             0                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu1.iew.wb_count                            0                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu1.iew.wb_producers                        0                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_consumers                        0                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_rate                           nan                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu1.iew.wb_fanout                         nan                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::0            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::1            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::2            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::3            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::4            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::5            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::6            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::7            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::8            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::total            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committedInsts                   0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.commit.committedOps                     0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu1.commit.refs                             0                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu1.commit.loads                            0                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu1.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu1.commit.branches                         0                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu1.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.fp_insts                         0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.int_insts                        0                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.function_calls                   0                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntMult              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemRead              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::total                0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.bw_lim_events                    0                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu1.rob.rob_reads                           0                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu1.rob.rob_writes                          0                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu1.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu1.committedOps                            0                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu1.cpi                                   nan                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu1.cpi_total                             nan                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu1.ipc                                   nan                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu1.ipc_total                             nan                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.replacements                    193950                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                        16384                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                      292600                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                    193950                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      1.508636                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks       12.744155                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data     16371.255845                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.000778                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data        0.999222                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total                   1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         16384                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          138                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1         1179                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2        10457                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         4585                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           25                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                   4183390                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                  4183390                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks         2414                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total             2414                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu0.data               677                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                   677                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu0.data         54876                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total             54876                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.data                55553                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                    55553                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.data               55553                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                   55553                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0.data             341                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                 341                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu0.data       193597                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total          193597                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.data             193938                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                 193938                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.data            193938                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                193938                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data     34062000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      34062000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  18341711000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total  18341711000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  18375773000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total      18375773000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  18375773000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total     18375773000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks         2414                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         2414                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0.data          1018                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total              1018                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu0.data       248473                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total        248473                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.data           249491                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total               249491                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.data          249491                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total              249491                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.334971                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.334971                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.779147                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.779147                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data        0.777335                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.777335                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data       0.777335                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.777335                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 99888.563050                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 99888.563050                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 94741.710874                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 94741.710874                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 94750.760552                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 94750.760552                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 94750.760552                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 94750.760552                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                  516                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                       516                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data          341                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            341                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       193597                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total       193597                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        193938                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total            193938                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       193938                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total           193938                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     30652000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     30652000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  16405721000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  16405721000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  16436373000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  16436373000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  16436373000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  16436373000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.334971                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.334971                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.779147                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.779147                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.777335                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.777335                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.777335                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.777335                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 89888.563050                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 89888.563050                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 84741.607566                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84741.607566                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 84750.657427                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84750.657427                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 84750.657427                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84750.657427                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests        387869                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       193939                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             193599                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          516                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict           193415                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq               341                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp              341                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        193597                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       581809                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total       581809                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 581809                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     12445184                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total     12445184                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                12445184                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples            193938                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                  193938    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total              193938                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer4.occupancy           456667000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer4.utilization               3.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy         1048444250                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              6.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests       498984                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       249493                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests          583                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops             19                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops           17                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            2                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp            248475                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         2930                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict          440513                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq             1018                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp            1018                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       248473                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       748477                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total                748477                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     16122048                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total               16122048                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                          193950                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                     33024                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples           443441                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.001362                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.037003                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                 442839     99.86%     99.86% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                    600      0.14%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      2      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::5                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::6                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::7                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::8                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total             443441                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy          251906000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              1.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy         374239500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             2.5                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
