
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.015267                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 15267344125                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               2351170995250                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                               12035310                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                 22045644                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               35941739                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1248940                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                   424.78                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  5112362792                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                    9364555727                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.inst             64                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.data        1254016                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total            1254080                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu0.inst           64                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total            64                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks      1118400                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total         1118400                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.inst               1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.data           19594                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total               19595                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks         17475                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total              17475                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.inst              4192                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.data          82137141                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total              82141333                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu0.inst         4192                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total             4192                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks        73254391                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total             73254391                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks        73254391                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.inst             4192                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.data         82137141                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total            155395724                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                       19594                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                      17475                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                     19594                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                    17475                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM                1253824                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                     192                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                 1117824                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                 1254016                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys              1118400                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                      3                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0              1346                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1              1375                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2              1302                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3              1284                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4              1250                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5              1290                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6              1127                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7              1137                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8              1131                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9              1126                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10             1135                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11             1078                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12             1218                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13             1311                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14             1238                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15             1243                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0              1211                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1              1235                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2              1155                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3              1118                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4              1121                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5              1131                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6              1002                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7              1023                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8              1005                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9              1003                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10             1020                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11              969                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12             1094                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13             1179                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14             1109                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15             1091                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                   15267370500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                 19594                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6                17475                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                   18103                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                    1473                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                      15                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                    619                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                    645                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                    995                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                   1011                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                   1011                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                   1011                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                   1011                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                   1013                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                   1012                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                   1011                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                   1011                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                   1011                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                   1011                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                   1013                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                   1013                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                   1054                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                   1013                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                   1010                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples        26245                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean     90.363269                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean    81.219476                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev    53.448314                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::64-127        18963     72.25%     72.25% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-191         5229     19.92%     92.18% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::192-255         1163      4.43%     96.61% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-319          541      2.06%     98.67% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::320-383          205      0.78%     99.45% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-447           86      0.33%     99.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::448-511           36      0.14%     99.92% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-575           12      0.05%     99.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::576-639            8      0.03%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-703            1      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::704-767            1      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total        26245                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples         1010                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean      19.390099                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean     19.304220                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev      1.832506                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::15                2      0.20%      0.20% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::16               47      4.65%      4.85% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::17              106     10.50%     15.35% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::18              180     17.82%     33.17% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::19              213     21.09%     54.26% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::20              197     19.50%     73.76% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::21              128     12.67%     86.44% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::22               83      8.22%     94.65% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::23               42      4.16%     98.81% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::24                7      0.69%     99.50% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::25                5      0.50%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total          1010                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples         1010                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      17.293069                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     17.263417                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev      1.005067                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16              365     36.14%     36.14% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::17               24      2.38%     38.51% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::18              581     57.52%     96.04% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::19               40      3.96%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total          1010                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                    532948000                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat               900279250                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                   97955000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     27203.72                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                45953.72                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                        82.12                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                        73.22                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                     82.14                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                     73.25                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         1.21                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     0.64                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    0.57                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.13                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      24.99                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                     7016                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                    3798                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 35.81                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                21.73                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                     411863.57                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    29.17                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                 95933040                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                 51001005                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy                72199680                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy               46959120                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         1215143280.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy           1001535600                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy             30621120                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy      4701926580                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy       999844320                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy         33762420                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy             8248958955                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            540.300847                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime          12991150500                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE     18750000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF     514200000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF     76173000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN   2603666750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT    1742834125                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  10311720250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                 91441980                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                 48598770                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy                67687200                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy               44213400                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         1214528640.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy           1042298580                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy             29938560                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy      4558725480                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy      1088808000                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy         31949280                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy             8218321290                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            538.294102                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime          12903446375                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE     19956500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF     513940000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF     70696750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN   2835689500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT    1829955000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   9997106375                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.branchPred.lookups               13248716                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.condPredicted         13248716                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu0.branchPred.condIncorrect          1399478                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBLookups            11188091                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHitPct             0.000000                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu0.branchPred.usedRAS                1087990                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu0.branchPred.RASInCorrect            198282                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectLookups       11188091                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectHits           2607933                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectMisses         8580158                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu0.branchPredindirectMispredicted       923867                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb.rdAccesses                    6972135                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrAccesses                    2426814                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.dtb.rdMisses                        87845                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrMisses                        19419                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrAccesses                    6569953                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrMisses                         2961                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.workload.numSyscalls                   18                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.numCycles                        30534688                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.fetch.icacheStallCycles           7420859                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu0.fetch.Insts                      56594696                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu0.fetch.Branches                   13248716                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu0.fetch.predictedBranches           3695923                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu0.fetch.Cycles                     21693967                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu0.fetch.SquashCycles                2801388                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu0.fetch.MiscStallCycles                1033                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu0.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles        16820                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu0.fetch.CacheLines                  6566992                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu0.fetch.IcacheSquashes               322468                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::samples          30533373                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::mean             4.024672                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::stdev            3.673548                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::0                12182535     39.90%     39.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::1                  530063      1.74%     41.64% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::2                  860169      2.82%     44.45% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::3                 1328737      4.35%     48.80% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::4                  627053      2.05%     50.86% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::5                 1142116      3.74%     54.60% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::6                  975293      3.19%     57.79% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::7                  519607      1.70%     59.49% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::8                12367800     40.51%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::total            30533373                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.branchRate                 0.433891                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.fetch.rate                       1.853456                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.decode.IdleCycles                 5628136                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu0.decode.BlockedCycles              8322378                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu0.decode.RunCycles                 13791077                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu0.decode.UnblockCycles              1391088                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu0.decode.SquashCycles               1400694                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu0.decode.DecodedInsts             110120818                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu0.rename.SquashCycles               1400694                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu0.rename.IdleCycles                 6687741                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu0.rename.BlockCycles                7029666                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu0.rename.serializeStallCycles        241489                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu0.rename.RunCycles                 13906659                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu0.rename.UnblockCycles              1267124                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedInsts             102872030                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu0.rename.ROBFullEvents                36230                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu0.rename.IQFullEvents                606535                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu0.rename.LQFullEvents                   475                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu0.rename.SQFullEvents                432352                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedOperands          115437820                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu0.rename.RenameLookups            254425445                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu0.rename.int_rename_lookups       140242180                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.fp_rename_lookups         18899030                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.CommittedMaps             47623669                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu0.rename.UndoneMaps                67814241                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu0.rename.serializingInsts             31042                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.tempSerializingInsts         33610                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.skidInsts                  2968741                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedLoads             9506380                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedStores            3381822                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingLoads           168543                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingStores          180979                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsAdded                  88953804                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu0.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded             225344                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsIssued                 70779476                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued           684781                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       47986426                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     68964324                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved        225239                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     30533373                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        2.318102                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       2.605001                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::0           13521678     44.28%     44.28% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::1            2161531      7.08%     51.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::2            2641356      8.65%     60.01% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::3            2276079      7.45%     67.47% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::4            2333886      7.64%     75.11% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::5            2238227      7.33%     82.44% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::6            2627318      8.60%     91.05% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::7            1649975      5.40%     96.45% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::8            1083323      3.55%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       30533373                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                1437385     92.56%     92.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0      0.00%     92.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%     92.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                85284      5.49%     98.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%     98.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%     98.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0      0.00%     98.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0      0.00%     98.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%     98.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0      0.00%     98.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%     98.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%     98.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%     98.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%     98.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%     98.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%     98.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%     98.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%     98.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%     98.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%     98.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%     98.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%     98.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%     98.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%     98.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%     98.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%     98.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%     98.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%     98.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%     98.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     98.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%     98.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemRead                  4546      0.29%     98.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                 2341      0.15%     98.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead            23073      1.49%     99.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite             321      0.02%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass          1833095      2.59%      2.59% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu             53722547     75.90%     78.49% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                3112      0.00%     78.50% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                77761      0.11%     78.61% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            4892374      6.91%     85.52% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     85.52% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     85.52% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     85.52% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     85.52% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0      0.00%     85.52% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0      0.00%     85.52% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     85.52% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     85.52% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     85.52% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     85.52% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     85.52% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     85.52% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0      0.00%     85.52% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     85.52% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     85.52% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     85.52% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     85.52% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     85.52% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     85.52% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     85.52% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     85.52% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     85.52% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     85.52% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0      0.00%     85.52% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     85.52% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.52% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     85.52% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead             5242156      7.41%     92.92% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite            2642166      3.73%     96.66% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead        2365322      3.34%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite           943      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::total              70779476                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.rate                          2.318002                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_cnt                    1552950                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.021941                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_reads         159399316                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_writes        119538875                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     59814290                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads           14930740                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes          17626963                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      6605333                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.int_alu_accesses              63025621                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_alu_accesses                7473710                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads          219552                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      5816802                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses         3830                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          299                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores      1630774                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         3760                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked           30                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu0.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu0.iew.iewSquashCycles               1400694                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu0.iew.iewBlockCycles                6198526                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewUnblockCycles                11189                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispatchedInsts           89179148                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts            49367                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispLoadInsts              9506380                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispStoreInsts             3381822                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts             91719                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewIQFullEvents                  6319                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                 2815                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           299                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu0.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        426011                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1338460                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.branchMispredicts             1764471                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecutedInsts             67645285                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecLoadInsts              6937315                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts          3134191                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu0.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_refs                     9363621                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_branches                 6220325                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_stores                   2426306                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_rate                    2.215359                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu0.iew.wb_sent                      66993174                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu0.iew.wb_count                     66419623                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu0.iew.wb_producers                 48950823                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_consumers                 86583990                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_rate                      2.175219                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu0.iew.wb_fanout                    0.565357                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu0.commit.commitSquashedInsts       47986578                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu0.commit.commitNonSpecStalls            108                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu0.commit.branchMispredicts          1400524                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     23230920                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     1.773188                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     2.417829                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     11004776     47.37%     47.37% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2932325     12.62%     59.99% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      3288805     14.16%     74.15% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      1850465      7.97%     82.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       975146      4.20%     86.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       737187      3.17%     89.49% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       332127      1.43%     90.92% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       328524      1.41%     92.33% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      1781565      7.67%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     23230920                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committedInsts            18849079                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.commit.committedOps              41192799                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu0.commit.refs                       5440636                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu0.commit.loads                      3689585                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu0.commit.membars                         60                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu0.commit.branches                   4310373                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu0.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.fp_insts                   2983067                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.int_insts                 38605909                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.function_calls              372227                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass       692346      1.68%      1.68% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu        32745396     79.49%     81.17% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntMult           1401      0.00%     81.18% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv           51152      0.12%     81.30% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd       2261868      5.49%     86.79% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     86.79% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     86.79% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     86.79% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     86.79% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     86.79% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0      0.00%     86.79% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     86.79% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     86.79% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     86.79% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     86.79% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     86.79% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     86.79% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     86.79% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0      0.00%     86.79% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     86.79% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     86.79% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     86.79% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     86.79% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     86.79% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     86.79% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     86.79% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     86.79% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     86.79% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     86.79% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     86.79% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     86.79% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     86.79% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemRead        2980265      7.23%     94.03% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite       1751051      4.25%     98.28% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead       709320      1.72%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::total         41192799                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.bw_lim_events              1781565                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu0.rob.rob_reads                   110628732                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu0.rob.rob_writes                  185802181                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu0.timesIdled                            112                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu0.idleCycles                           1315                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu0.committedInsts                   18849079                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu0.committedOps                     41192799                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu0.cpi                              1.619956                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu0.cpi_total                        1.619956                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu0.ipc                              0.617301                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu0.ipc_total                        0.617301                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_reads                86660610                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_writes               51060347                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_reads                 10412653                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_writes                 6237531                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_reads                 35506159                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_writes                17811710                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu0.misc_regfile_reads               22092087                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements            22247                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                1024                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs             551522                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs            22247                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs            24.790848                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data         1024                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           13                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          122                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          754                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           80                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           55                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         33699799                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses        33699799                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data      6638402                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        6638402                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.data      1740131                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       1740131                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu0.data      8378533                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total         8378533                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu0.data      8378533                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total        8378533                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data        29825                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        29825                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu0.data        11030                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total        11030                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu0.data        40855                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total         40855                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu0.data        40855                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total        40855                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data   2199509000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2199509000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data   1032761000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   1032761000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data   3232270000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   3232270000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data   3232270000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   3232270000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data      6668227                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      6668227                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.data      1751161                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      1751161                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu0.data      8419388                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total      8419388                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu0.data      8419388                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total      8419388                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.004473                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.004473                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.006299                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.006299                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.004852                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.004852                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.004852                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.004852                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 73747.158424                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 73747.158424                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 93632.003626                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 93632.003626                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 79115.652919                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 79115.652919                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 79115.652919                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 79115.652919                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          154                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                5                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    30.800000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        18077                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total            18077                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data        18039                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        18039                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data          554                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          554                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.data        18593                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        18593                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.data        18593                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        18593                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        11786                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        11786                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        10476                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        10476                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        22262                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        22262                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        22262                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        22262                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    988530000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    988530000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    977604500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    977604500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   1966134500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1966134500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   1966134500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1966134500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.001767                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001767                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.005982                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005982                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.002644                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002644                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.002644                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002644                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 83873.239437                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 83873.239437                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 93318.489882                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 93318.489882                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 88317.963346                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 88317.963346                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 88317.963346                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 88317.963346                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements             1236                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse         1022.832914                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs             131723                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs             1236                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs           106.572006                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst  1022.832914                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.998860                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.998860                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1023                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            6                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            7                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            5                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         1005                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.999023                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses         26269220                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses        26269220                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst      6565708                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        6565708                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu0.inst      6565708                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total         6565708                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu0.inst      6565708                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total        6565708                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.inst         1284                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         1284                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::cpu0.inst         1284                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total          1284                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::cpu0.inst         1284                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total         1284                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     16392500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     16392500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     16392500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     16392500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     16392500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     16392500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst      6566992                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      6566992                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst      6566992                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total      6566992                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst      6566992                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total      6566992                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000196                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000196                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000196                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000196                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000196                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000196                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 12766.744548                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 12766.744548                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 12766.744548                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 12766.744548                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 12766.744548                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 12766.744548                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::writebacks         1236                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::total             1236                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst           32                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           32                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst           32                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           32                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst           32                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           32                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst         1252                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1252                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst         1252                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1252                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst         1252                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1252                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     14971000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     14971000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     14971000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     14971000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     14971000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     14971000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000191                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000191                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000191                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000191                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000191                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000191                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 11957.667732                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11957.667732                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 11957.667732                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11957.667732                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 11957.667732                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11957.667732                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.branchPred.lookups                      0                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.condPredicted                0                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu1.branchPred.condIncorrect                0                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBLookups                   0                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHitPct                  nan                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu1.branchPred.usedRAS                      0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu1.branchPred.RASInCorrect                 0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectLookups              0                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectHits                 0                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectMisses               0                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu1.branchPredindirectMispredicted            0                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu1.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::samples                 0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::mean                  nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::stdev                 nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::0                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::1                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::2                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::3                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::4                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::5                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::6                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::7                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::8                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::max_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::total                   0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.idleRate                        nan                       # Percent of cycles fetch was idle
system.cpu1.fetch.branchRate                      nan                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.fetch.rate                            nan                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.rename.serializeStallCycles             0                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu1.rename.serializingInsts                 0                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.tempSerializingInsts             0                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.skidInsts                        0                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedLoads                   0                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedStores                  0                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingLoads                0                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingStores               0                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean             nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev            nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::0                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::1                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::2                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::3                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::4                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::5                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::6                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::7                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::8                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::total              0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemRead                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::total                     0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.rate                               nan                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_cnt                          0                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_rate                       nan                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                  0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads               0                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads            0                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            0                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores            0                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu1.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu1.iew.iewSquashCycles                     0                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu1.iew.iewBlockCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewUnblockCycles                    0                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispatchedInsts                  0                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispStoreInsts                   0                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                 0                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewIQFullEvents                     0                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                    0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             0                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu1.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect             0                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect            0                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.branchMispredicts                   0                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecutedInsts                    0                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu1.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_refs                           0                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_branches                       0                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_stores                         0                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_rate                         nan                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu1.iew.wb_sent                             0                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu1.iew.wb_count                            0                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu1.iew.wb_producers                        0                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_consumers                        0                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_rate                           nan                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu1.iew.wb_fanout                         nan                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::0            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::1            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::2            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::3            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::4            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::5            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::6            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::7            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::8            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::total            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committedInsts                   0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.commit.committedOps                     0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu1.commit.refs                             0                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu1.commit.loads                            0                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu1.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu1.commit.branches                         0                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu1.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.fp_insts                         0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.int_insts                        0                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.function_calls                   0                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntMult              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemRead              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::total                0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.bw_lim_events                    0                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu1.rob.rob_reads                           0                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu1.rob.rob_writes                          0                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu1.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu1.committedOps                            0                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu1.cpi                                   nan                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu1.cpi_total                             nan                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu1.ipc                                   nan                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu1.ipc_total                             nan                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.replacements                     19602                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                        16384                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                       21386                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                     19602                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      1.091011                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks       16.272503                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst        12.234302                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data     16355.493194                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.000993                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst        0.000747                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data        0.998260                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total                   1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         16384                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           12                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          116                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         1084                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3        10794                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         4378                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                    395234                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                   395234                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks        18077                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total            18077                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks         1236                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total             1236                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu0.data               13                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total                   13                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu0.data                99                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                    99                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu0.inst           1235                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::total               1235                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu0.data          2554                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total              2554                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.inst                 1235                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.data                 2653                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                     3888                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.inst                1235                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.data                2653                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                    3888                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu0.data              3                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::total                  3                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0.data           10363                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total               10363                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu0.inst            1                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total                1                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu0.data         9230                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total            9230                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.inst                  1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.data              19593                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                  19594                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.inst                 1                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.data             19593                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                 19594                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    960775500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     960775500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        89500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total        89500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    943419000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total    943419000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        89500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data   1904194500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total       1904284000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        89500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data   1904194500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total      1904284000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks        18077                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        18077                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks         1236                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total         1236                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu0.data           16                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total               16                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0.data         10462                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total             10462                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu0.inst         1236                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total           1236                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu0.data        11784                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total         11784                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst             1236                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.data            22246                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total                23482                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst            1236                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.data           22246                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total               23482                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.187500                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total        0.187500                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.990537                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.990537                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000809                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total      0.000809                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.783265                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.783265                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst        0.000809                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data        0.880743                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.834426                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst       0.000809                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data       0.880743                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.834426                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 92712.100743                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 92712.100743                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        89500                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total        89500                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 102212.242687                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 102212.242687                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        89500                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 97187.490430                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 97187.098091                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        89500                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 97187.490430                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 97187.098091                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                17475                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                     17475                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data            3                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total             3                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        10363                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total          10363                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst            1                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total            1                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         9230                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total         9230                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst             1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         19593                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total             19594                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst            1                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        19593                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total            19594                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data        61500                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        61500                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    857145500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    857145500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        79500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        79500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    851109000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    851109000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        79500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   1708254500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1708334000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        79500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   1708254500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1708334000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.187500                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.187500                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.990537                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.990537                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000809                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000809                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.783265                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.783265                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000809                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.880743                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.834426                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000809                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.880743                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.834426                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data        20500                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        20500                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 82712.100743                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 82712.100743                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        79500                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        79500                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 92211.159263                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 92211.159263                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        79500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 87186.980044                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 87186.587731                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        79500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 87186.980044                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 87186.587731                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests         39187                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests        19598                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp               9232                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        17475                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict             2115                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq                3                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq             10363                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp            10363                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq          9231                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port        58782                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total        58782                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  58782                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port      2372480                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total      2372480                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                 2372480                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples             19597                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                   19597    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total               19597                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer4.occupancy           113889500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer4.utilization               0.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy          106325000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests        46997                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests        23483                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests           59                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops             12                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops           12                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp             13037                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        35552                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean         1236                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict            6297                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq              16                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp             16                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq            10462                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp           10462                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq          1252                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        11784                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side         3724                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        66772                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total                 70496                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       158208                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      2580736                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total                2738944                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                           19618                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                   1119424                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples            43116                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.001647                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.040547                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                  43045     99.84%     99.84% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                     71      0.16%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::5                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::6                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::7                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::8                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total              43116                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy           42811500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              0.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy           1878000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy          33379498                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
