
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.015267                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 15267344125                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               2152695521625                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                               16196520                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                 29354707                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               50880595                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1248940                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                   300.06                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  4859963015                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                    8808237901                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.inst           7552                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.data         302912                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total             310464                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu0.inst         7552                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total          7552                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks       297856                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total          297856                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.inst             118                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.data            4733                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total                4851                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks          4654                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total               4654                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.inst            494651                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.data          19840517                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total              20335167                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu0.inst       494651                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total           494651                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks        19509353                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total             19509353                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks        19509353                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.inst           494651                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.data         19840517                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total             39844520                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                        4851                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                       4654                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                      4851                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                     4654                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM                 310464                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                       0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                  297728                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                  310464                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys               297856                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                      0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0               282                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1               298                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2               268                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3               257                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4               274                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5               263                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6               274                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7               274                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8               294                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9               266                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10              256                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11              308                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12              399                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13              400                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14              396                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15              342                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0               286                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1               313                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2               271                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3               263                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4               273                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5               178                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6               186                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7               239                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8               271                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9               274                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10              261                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11              310                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12              404                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13              393                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14              388                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15              342                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                   16584729000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                  4851                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6                 4654                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                    4765                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                      66                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                      15                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                       4                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                     16                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                     16                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                    281                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                    287                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                    288                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                    287                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                    289                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                    290                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                    288                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                    288                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                    288                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                    288                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                    291                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                    293                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                    298                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                    290                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                    288                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                    288                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples         1163                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    522.950989                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   332.649763                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev   395.231944                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127          232     19.95%     19.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255          202     17.37%     37.32% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383          105      9.03%     46.35% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511           65      5.59%     51.93% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639           52      4.47%     56.41% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767           61      5.25%     61.65% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895           65      5.59%     67.24% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           57      4.90%     72.14% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          324     27.86%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total         1163                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples          288                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean      16.829861                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean     16.420826                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev      5.224128                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::8-11              5      1.74%      1.74% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::12-15            12      4.17%      5.90% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::16-19           253     87.85%     93.75% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::20-23             7      2.43%     96.18% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::24-27             5      1.74%     97.92% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::28-31             1      0.35%     98.26% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::36-39             1      0.35%     98.61% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::40-43             1      0.35%     98.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::48-51             1      0.35%     99.31% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::52-55             1      0.35%     99.65% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::68-71             1      0.35%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total           288                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples          288                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      16.152778                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     16.140855                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev      0.660687                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16              271     94.10%     94.10% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::17                1      0.35%     94.44% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::18                8      2.78%     97.22% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::19                7      2.43%     99.65% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::22                1      0.35%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total           288                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                    107540500                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat               198496750                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                   24255000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     22168.73                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                40918.73                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                        20.34                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                        19.50                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                     20.34                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                     19.51                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         0.31                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     0.16                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    0.15                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      21.50                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                     4313                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                    4027                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 88.91                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                86.53                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                    1744842.61                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    87.74                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                  3912720                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                  2079660                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy                15636600                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy               10486980                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         59005440.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy             67999290                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy              4205280                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy       114535800                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy        70647840                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy       3532905540                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy             3881415150                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            254.229886                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime          10136415750                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE      6234000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF      25086000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF  14672119375                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    183979750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT     128671750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN    251253250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                  4391100                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                  2333925                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy                18999540                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy               13796460                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         47327280.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy             68834910                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy              3401760                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy       113665980                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy        39728640                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy       3547780080                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy             3860259675                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            252.844217                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime          12371960000                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE      3858000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF      20098000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF  14754805875                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    103464250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT     135664000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN    249454000                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.branchPred.lookups               10667215                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.condPredicted         10667215                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu0.branchPred.condIncorrect           531322                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBLookups             8403488                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHitPct             0.000000                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu0.branchPred.usedRAS                1252385                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu0.branchPred.RASInCorrect             31690                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectLookups        8403488                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectHits           4249879                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectMisses         4153609                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu0.branchPredindirectMispredicted       187864                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb.rdAccesses                   10972242                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrAccesses                    4550904                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.dtb.rdMisses                        14357                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrMisses                          706                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrAccesses                    6802876                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrMisses                         1505                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.workload.numSyscalls                  292                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.numCycles                        30534688                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.fetch.icacheStallCycles           7166332                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu0.fetch.Insts                      56924745                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu0.fetch.Branches                   10667215                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu0.fetch.predictedBranches           5502264                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu0.fetch.Cycles                     22819420                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu0.fetch.SquashCycles                1064382                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu0.fetch.TlbCycles                        12                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
system.cpu0.fetch.MiscStallCycles                 548                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu0.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles         7436                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu0.fetch.PendingQuiesceStallCycles           20                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending quiesce instructions
system.cpu0.fetch.CacheLines                  6801388                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu0.fetch.IcacheSquashes               137212                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::samples          30525959                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::mean             3.800107                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::stdev            3.555585                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::0                12008538     39.34%     39.34% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::1                  635143      2.08%     41.42% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::2                 1546738      5.07%     46.49% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::3                 1413931      4.63%     51.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::4                  906344      2.97%     54.09% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::5                 1489965      4.88%     58.97% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::6                 1254338      4.11%     63.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::7                  737428      2.42%     65.49% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::8                10533534     34.51%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::total            30525959                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.branchRate                 0.349347                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.fetch.rate                       1.864265                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.decode.IdleCycles                 5364221                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu0.decode.BlockedCycles              8904045                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu0.decode.RunCycles                 12535271                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu0.decode.UnblockCycles              3190231                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu0.decode.SquashCycles                532191                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu0.decode.DecodedInsts             111291910                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu0.rename.SquashCycles                532191                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu0.rename.IdleCycles                 6764787                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu0.rename.BlockCycles                3667878                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu0.rename.serializeStallCycles         37821                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu0.rename.RunCycles                 14256401                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu0.rename.UnblockCycles              5266881                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedInsts             108714244                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu0.rename.ROBFullEvents               242857                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu0.rename.IQFullEvents               3739749                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu0.rename.LQFullEvents                   132                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu0.rename.SQFullEvents                571125                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedOperands          121663531                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu0.rename.RenameLookups            279797364                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu0.rename.int_rename_lookups       142429226                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.fp_rename_lookups         34128225                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.CommittedMaps             88188624                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu0.rename.UndoneMaps                33474887                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu0.rename.serializingInsts              4710                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.tempSerializingInsts          5588                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.skidInsts                 13802296                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedLoads            12118974                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedStores            5369735                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingLoads           700990                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingStores          387198                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsAdded                 103793321                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu0.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded              21878                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsIssued                 93800557                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued           260111                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       25038552                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     39164648                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         21586                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     30525959                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        3.072813                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       2.458496                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::0            7122054     23.33%     23.33% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::1            2681935      8.79%     32.12% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::2            3652946     11.97%     44.08% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::3            4155598     13.61%     57.70% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::4            3971919     13.01%     70.71% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::5            3057624     10.02%     80.72% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::6            2498304      8.18%     88.91% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::7            1904316      6.24%     95.15% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::8            1481263      4.85%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       30525959                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                 955174     78.07%     78.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0      0.00%     78.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%     78.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd               131990     10.79%     88.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%     88.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%     88.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0      0.00%     88.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0      0.00%     88.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%     88.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0      0.00%     88.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%     88.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%     88.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%     88.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%     88.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%     88.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%     88.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%     88.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%     88.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%     88.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%     88.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%     88.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%     88.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%     88.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%     88.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%     88.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%     88.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%     88.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%     88.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%     88.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     88.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%     88.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemRead                 36699      3.00%     91.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                18137      1.48%     93.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead            81344      6.65%     99.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite             113      0.01%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass          1468688      1.57%      1.57% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu             65033953     69.33%     70.90% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                2263      0.00%     70.90% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                  312      0.00%     70.90% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd           11424799     12.18%     83.08% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     83.08% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     83.08% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     83.08% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     83.08% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0      0.00%     83.08% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0      0.00%     83.08% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     83.08% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     83.08% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     83.08% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     83.08% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     83.08% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     83.08% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0      0.00%     83.08% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     83.08% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     83.08% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     83.08% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     83.08% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     83.08% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     83.08% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     83.08% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     83.08% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     83.08% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     83.08% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0      0.00%     83.08% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     83.08% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     83.08% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     83.08% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead             7671094      8.18%     91.26% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite            4435396      4.73%     95.99% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead        3527920      3.76%     99.75% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite        236132      0.25%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::total              93800557                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.rate                          3.071934                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_cnt                    1223457                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.013043                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_reads         184582978                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_writes        105493842                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     74650020                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads           35027659                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes          23360278                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     17161227                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.int_alu_accesses              75936045                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_alu_accesses               17619281                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads          475881                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      3257080                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses         3736                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          617                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores      1244757                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          312                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked           60                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu0.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu0.iew.iewSquashCycles                532191                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu0.iew.iewBlockCycles                2924709                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewUnblockCycles               277371                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispatchedInsts          103815199                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts            13804                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispLoadInsts             12118974                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispStoreInsts             5369735                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts             10360                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewIQFullEvents                  6442                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.iewLSQFullEvents               270740                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           617                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu0.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        256189                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       457852                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.branchMispredicts              714041                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecutedInsts             92467474                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecLoadInsts             10866147                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts          1333079                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu0.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_refs                    15410412                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_branches                 8117773                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_stores                   4544265                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_rate                    3.028276                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu0.iew.wb_sent                      92065437                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu0.iew.wb_count                     91811247                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu0.iew.wb_producers                 68155789                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_consumers                124911486                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_rate                      3.006785                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu0.iew.wb_fanout                    0.545633                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu0.commit.commitSquashedInsts       25038570                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu0.commit.commitNonSpecStalls            292                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu0.commit.branchMispredicts           531891                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     27079926                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     2.909042                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     3.029878                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      7767013     28.68%     28.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      5062679     18.70%     47.38% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      3088740     11.41%     58.78% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      2681202      9.90%     68.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       967549      3.57%     72.26% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1045273      3.86%     76.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       417516      1.54%     77.66% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       508402      1.88%     79.54% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      5541552     20.46%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     27079926                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committedInsts            38438951                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.commit.committedOps              78776652                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu0.commit.refs                      12986879                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu0.commit.loads                      8861901                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu0.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu0.commit.branches                   7265488                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu0.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.fp_insts                  15617002                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.int_insts                 66928069                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.function_calls              661016                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass      1038173      1.32%      1.32% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu        54181778     68.78%     70.10% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntMult           2214      0.00%     70.10% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv             197      0.00%     70.10% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd      10567411     13.41%     83.51% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     83.51% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     83.51% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     83.51% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     83.51% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     83.51% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0      0.00%     83.51% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     83.51% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     83.51% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     83.51% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     83.51% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     83.51% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     83.51% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     83.51% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0      0.00%     83.51% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     83.51% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     83.51% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     83.51% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     83.51% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     83.51% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     83.51% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     83.51% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     83.51% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     83.51% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     83.51% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     83.51% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     83.51% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     83.51% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemRead        5934962      7.53%     91.05% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite       3891132      4.94%     95.99% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead      2926939      3.72%     99.70% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite       233846      0.30%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::total         78776652                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.bw_lim_events              5541552                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu0.rob.rob_reads                   125353596                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu0.rob.rob_writes                  211104731                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu0.timesIdled                             90                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu0.idleCycles                           8729                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu0.committedInsts                   38438951                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu0.committedOps                     78776652                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu0.cpi                              0.794368                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu0.cpi_total                        0.794368                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu0.ipc                              1.258862                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu0.ipc_total                        1.258862                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_reads               115878033                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_writes               63041413                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_reads                 29351642                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_writes                14861184                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_reads                 52342310                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_writes                25203009                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu0.misc_regfile_reads               31987787                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements             6917                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                1024                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs            9610295                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs             6917                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs          1389.373283                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data         1024                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          951                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           73                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         58450845                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses        58450845                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data     10479804                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       10479804                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.data      4123489                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       4123489                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu0.data     14603293                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total        14603293                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu0.data     14603293                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total       14603293                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data         1894                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1894                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu0.data         5795                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         5795                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu0.data         7689                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total          7689                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu0.data         7689                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total         7689                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    107628500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    107628500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    424746499                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    424746499                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data    532374999                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    532374999                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data    532374999                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    532374999                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data     10481698                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     10481698                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.data      4129284                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      4129284                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu0.data     14610982                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total     14610982                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu0.data     14610982                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total     14610982                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.000181                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000181                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.001403                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.001403                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.000526                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000526                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.000526                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000526                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 56826.029567                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 56826.029567                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 73295.340638                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 73295.340638                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 69238.522435                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 69238.522435                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 69238.522435                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 69238.522435                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          156                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets          268                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               15                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    10.400000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          268                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         6488                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total             6488                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data          770                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          770                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data            1                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            1                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.data          771                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total          771                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.data          771                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total          771                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         1124                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1124                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         5794                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         5794                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         6918                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         6918                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         6918                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         6918                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     38722000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     38722000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    418942499                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    418942499                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    457664499                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    457664499                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    457664499                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    457664499                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.000107                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000107                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.001403                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001403                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.000473                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000473                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.000473                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000473                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 34450.177936                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 34450.177936                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 72306.264929                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 72306.264929                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 66155.608413                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 66155.608413                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 66155.608413                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 66155.608413                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements              257                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse         1023.996762                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs           37799189                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs              257                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs         147078.556420                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst  1023.996762                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.999997                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999997                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          158                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          866                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses         27205810                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses        27205810                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst      6801084                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        6801084                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu0.inst      6801084                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total         6801084                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu0.inst      6801084                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total        6801084                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.inst          304                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          304                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::cpu0.inst          304                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total           304                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::cpu0.inst          304                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total          304                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     27483000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     27483000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     27483000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     27483000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     27483000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     27483000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst      6801388                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      6801388                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst      6801388                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total      6801388                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst      6801388                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total      6801388                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000045                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000045                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000045                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000045                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000045                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000045                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 90404.605263                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 90404.605263                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 90404.605263                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 90404.605263                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 90404.605263                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 90404.605263                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           92                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           92                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::writebacks          257                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::total              257                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst           46                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           46                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst           46                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           46                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst           46                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           46                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          258                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          258                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          258                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          258                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          258                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          258                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     22874000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     22874000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     22874000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     22874000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     22874000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     22874000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000038                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000038                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000038                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000038                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000038                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000038                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 88658.914729                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 88658.914729                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 88658.914729                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 88658.914729                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 88658.914729                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 88658.914729                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.branchPred.lookups                      0                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.condPredicted                0                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu1.branchPred.condIncorrect                0                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBLookups                   0                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHitPct                  nan                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu1.branchPred.usedRAS                      0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu1.branchPred.RASInCorrect                 0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectLookups              0                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectHits                 0                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectMisses               0                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu1.branchPredindirectMispredicted            0                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu1.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::samples                 0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::mean                  nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::stdev                 nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::0                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::1                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::2                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::3                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::4                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::5                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::6                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::7                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::8                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::max_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::total                   0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.idleRate                        nan                       # Percent of cycles fetch was idle
system.cpu1.fetch.branchRate                      nan                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.fetch.rate                            nan                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.rename.serializeStallCycles             0                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu1.rename.serializingInsts                 0                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.tempSerializingInsts             0                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.skidInsts                        0                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedLoads                   0                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedStores                  0                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingLoads                0                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingStores               0                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean             nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev            nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::0                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::1                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::2                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::3                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::4                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::5                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::6                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::7                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::8                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::total              0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemRead                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::total                     0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.rate                               nan                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_cnt                          0                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_rate                       nan                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                  0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads               0                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads            0                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            0                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores            0                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu1.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu1.iew.iewSquashCycles                     0                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu1.iew.iewBlockCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewUnblockCycles                    0                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispatchedInsts                  0                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispStoreInsts                   0                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                 0                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewIQFullEvents                     0                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                    0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             0                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu1.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect             0                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect            0                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.branchMispredicts                   0                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecutedInsts                    0                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu1.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_refs                           0                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_branches                       0                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_stores                         0                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_rate                         nan                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu1.iew.wb_sent                             0                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu1.iew.wb_count                            0                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu1.iew.wb_producers                        0                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_consumers                        0                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_rate                           nan                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu1.iew.wb_fanout                         nan                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::0            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::1            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::2            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::3            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::4            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::5            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::6            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::7            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::8            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::total            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committedInsts                   0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.commit.committedOps                     0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu1.commit.refs                             0                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu1.commit.loads                            0                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu1.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu1.commit.branches                         0                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu1.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.fp_insts                         0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.int_insts                        0                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.function_calls                   0                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntMult              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemRead              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::total                0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.bw_lim_events                    0                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu1.rob.rob_reads                           0                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu1.rob.rob_writes                          0                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu1.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu1.committedOps                            0                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu1.cpi                                   nan                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu1.cpi_total                             nan                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu1.ipc                                   nan                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu1.ipc_total                             nan                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.replacements                      4976                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                        16384                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                        4976                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                      4976                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                             1                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks      292.917241                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst       219.640479                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data     15871.442280                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.017878                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst        0.013406                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data        0.968716                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total                   1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         16384                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         1232                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4        15152                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                    119768                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                   119768                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks         6488                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total             6488                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks          257                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total              257                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu0.data                1                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total                    1                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu0.data              1303                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                  1303                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu0.inst            139                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::total                139                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu0.data           881                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total               881                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.inst                  139                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.data                 2184                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                     2323                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.inst                 139                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.data                2184                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                    2323                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0.data            4490                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                4490                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu0.inst          118                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total              118                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu0.data          243                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total             243                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.inst                118                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.data               4733                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                   4851                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.inst               118                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.data              4733                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                  4851                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    396535500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     396535500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     21011000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total     21011000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data     27728500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total     27728500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     21011000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data    424264000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total        445275000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     21011000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data    424264000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total       445275000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks         6488                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         6488                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks          257                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total          257                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu0.data            1                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total                1                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0.data          5793                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total              5793                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu0.inst          257                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total            257                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu0.data         1124                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total          1124                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst              257                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.data             6917                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total                 7174                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst             257                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.data            6917                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total                7174                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.775073                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.775073                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.459144                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total      0.459144                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.216192                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.216192                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst        0.459144                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data        0.684256                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.676192                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst       0.459144                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data       0.684256                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.676192                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 88315.256125                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 88315.256125                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 178059.322034                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total 178059.322034                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 114109.053498                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 114109.053498                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 178059.322034                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 89639.552081                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 91790.352505                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 178059.322034                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 89639.552081                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 91790.352505                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                 4654                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                      4654                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         4490                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           4490                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          118                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total          118                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data          243                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total          243                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst           118                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data          4733                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total              4851                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          118                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         4733                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total             4851                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    351635500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    351635500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     19831000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     19831000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     25298500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     25298500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     19831000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    376934000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    396765000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     19831000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    376934000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    396765000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.775073                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.775073                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.459144                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.459144                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.216192                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.216192                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.459144                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.684256                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.676192                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.459144                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.684256                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.676192                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 78315.256125                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 78315.256125                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 168059.322034                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 168059.322034                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 104109.053498                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104109.053498                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 168059.322034                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 79639.552081                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 81790.352505                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 168059.322034                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 79639.552081                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 81790.352505                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests          9826                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests         4978                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp                361                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         4654                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict              321                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq              4490                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp             4490                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq           361                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port        14677                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total        14677                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  14677                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       608320                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total       608320                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                  608320                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples              4851                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                    4851    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total                4851                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer4.occupancy            28854000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer4.utilization               0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy           25554250                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests        14350                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests         7184                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests           10                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops              1                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            1                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp              1382                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        11142                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean          257                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict             751                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq               1                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp              1                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq             5793                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp            5793                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq           258                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq         1124                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side          772                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        20753                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total                 21525                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        32896                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       857920                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total                 890816                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                            4977                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                    297920                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples            12152                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.001728                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.041536                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                  12131     99.83%     99.83% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                     21      0.17%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::5                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::6                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::7                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::8                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total              12152                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy           13920000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy            387499                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy          10376499                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
