
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.015267                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 15267344125                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               3603093213500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                               75029260                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                139012466                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              205639822                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1248940                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                    74.24                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  5570405889                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   10320719597                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.inst            192                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.data       12186112                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total           12186304                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu0.inst          192                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total           192                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks        47040                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total           47040                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.inst               3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.data          190408                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total              190411                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks           735                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total                735                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.inst             12576                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.data         798181524                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total             798194100                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu0.inst        12576                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total            12576                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks         3081086                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total              3081086                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks         3081086                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.inst            12576                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.data        798181524                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total            801275186                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                      190413                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                        735                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                    190413                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                      735                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM               12179968                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                    6464                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                   47104                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                12186432                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys                47040                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                    101                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0             11710                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1             12047                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2             11717                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3             12555                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4             12444                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5             12206                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6             12046                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7             11825                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8             11771                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9             11864                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10            11709                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11            11596                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12            11788                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13            11796                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14            11649                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15            11589                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0                86                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1               128                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2               128                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3               301                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4                22                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8                21                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12                3                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14                2                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15               45                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                   15267430000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                190413                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6                  735                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                  143681                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                   43328                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                    3214                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                      88                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                     45                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                     46                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                     46                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                     46                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                     46                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                     46                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                     46                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                     46                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                     46                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                     46                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                     46                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                     46                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                     46                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                     46                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                     46                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                     46                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples        97731                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    125.106834                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   107.603425                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev    75.909978                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127        44276     45.30%     45.30% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255        43324     44.33%     89.63% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383         8786      8.99%     98.62% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511         1152      1.18%     99.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639          140      0.14%     99.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767           23      0.02%     99.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895           10      0.01%     99.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023            9      0.01%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151           11      0.01%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total        97731                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples           46                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean    4124.956522                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean   4008.531276                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    952.661767                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::2048-2303            3      6.52%      6.52% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::2816-3071            3      6.52%     13.04% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::3072-3327            3      6.52%     19.57% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::3328-3583            4      8.70%     28.26% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::3584-3839            5     10.87%     39.13% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::3840-4095            3      6.52%     45.65% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::4096-4351            4      8.70%     54.35% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::4352-4607            7     15.22%     69.57% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::4608-4863            5     10.87%     80.43% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::4864-5119            3      6.52%     86.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::5120-5375            3      6.52%     93.48% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::5376-5631            1      2.17%     95.65% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::5888-6143            1      2.17%     97.83% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::6400-6655            1      2.17%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total            46                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples           46                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean             16                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     16.000000                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16               46    100.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total            46                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                   4700501500                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat              8268851500                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                  951560000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     24698.92                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                43448.92                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                       797.78                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                         3.09                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                    798.20                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                      3.08                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         6.26                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     6.23                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    0.02                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.32                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      25.55                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                    92684                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                     630                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 48.70                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                85.71                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                      79872.30                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    48.84                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                354722340                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                188528010                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy               689367000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy                3471300                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         1205309040.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy           1633346970                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy             24593760                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy      5200820220                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy        82978080                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy                0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy             9383136720                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            614.588670                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime          11621687375                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE      9431000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF     509860000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    216236250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT    3126188000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  11405628875                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                343091280                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                182361135                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy               669446400                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy                 370620                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         1205309040.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy           1587233400                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy             24597600                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy      5204496150                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy       118711200                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy                0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy             9335616825                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            611.476151                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime          11723170875                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE      9696000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF     509860000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    309326750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT    3024617250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  11413844125                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.branchPred.lookups                1837967                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.condPredicted          1837967                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu0.branchPred.condIncorrect            92765                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBLookups             1518938                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHitPct             0.000000                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu0.branchPred.usedRAS                  72172                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu0.branchPred.RASInCorrect             11802                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectLookups        1518938                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectHits            741835                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectMisses          777103                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu0.branchPredindirectMispredicted        36339                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb.rdAccesses                     893656                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrAccesses                      90264                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.dtb.rdMisses                       160687                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrMisses                         1576                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrAccesses                    1437664                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrMisses                         9803                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.workload.numSyscalls                    1                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.numCycles                        30534689                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.fetch.icacheStallCycles           1479101                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu0.fetch.Insts                       5627957                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu0.fetch.Branches                    1837967                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu0.fetch.predictedBranches            814007                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu0.fetch.Cycles                     28776978                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu0.fetch.SquashCycles                 192012                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu0.fetch.TlbCycles                      5003                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
system.cpu0.fetch.MiscStallCycles                2242                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu0.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles        84982                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu0.fetch.CacheLines                  1427862                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu0.fetch.IcacheSquashes                12521                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.ItlbSquashes                     11                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::samples          30444312                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::mean             0.373116                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::stdev            1.541766                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::0                28324646     93.04%     93.04% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::1                   35067      0.12%     93.15% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::2                  664671      2.18%     95.34% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::3                   44659      0.15%     95.48% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::4                  151214      0.50%     95.98% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::5                   99513      0.33%     96.31% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::6                  100210      0.33%     96.64% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::7                   37466      0.12%     96.76% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::8                  986866      3.24%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::total            30444312                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.branchRate                 0.060193                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.fetch.rate                       0.184314                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.decode.IdleCycles                  798104                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu0.decode.BlockedCycles             28122752                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu0.decode.RunCycles                  1088593                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu0.decode.UnblockCycles               338857                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu0.decode.SquashCycles                 96006                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu0.decode.DecodedInsts               9366821                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu0.rename.SquashCycles                 96006                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu0.rename.IdleCycles                  913701                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu0.rename.BlockCycles               26770767                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu0.rename.serializeStallCycles         22514                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu0.rename.RunCycles                  1229794                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu0.rename.UnblockCycles              1411530                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedInsts               8940379                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu0.rename.ROBFullEvents                99893                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu0.rename.IQFullEvents               1048915                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu0.rename.LQFullEvents                300749                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu0.rename.SQFullEvents                   368                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedOperands           10626223                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu0.rename.RenameLookups             24471382                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu0.rename.int_rename_lookups        12013318                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.fp_rename_lookups            59246                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.CommittedMaps              3585066                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu0.rename.UndoneMaps                 7041150                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu0.rename.serializingInsts               314                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.tempSerializingInsts           400                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.skidInsts                  2093888                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedLoads             1524427                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedStores             133511                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingLoads             6120                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingStores            7640                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsAdded                   8382097                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu0.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded               7841                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsIssued                  6093727                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued             9265                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined        5407705                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     10519793                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          7840                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     30444312                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        0.200160                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       0.836260                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::0           28073603     92.21%     92.21% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::1             890684      2.93%     95.14% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::2             485455      1.59%     96.73% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::3             333770      1.10%     97.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::4             350859      1.15%     98.98% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::5             132219      0.43%     99.42% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::6             106379      0.35%     99.77% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::7              42726      0.14%     99.91% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::8              28617      0.09%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       30444312                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                  18007     69.93%     69.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0      0.00%     69.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%     69.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                 1901      7.38%     77.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%     77.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%     77.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0      0.00%     77.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0      0.00%     77.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%     77.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0      0.00%     77.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%     77.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%     77.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%     77.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%     77.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%     77.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%     77.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%     77.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%     77.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%     77.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%     77.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%     77.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%     77.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%     77.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%     77.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%     77.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%     77.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%     77.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%     77.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%     77.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     77.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%     77.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemRead                  5275     20.48%     97.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                  447      1.74%     99.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead              107      0.42%     99.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite              14      0.05%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            29514      0.48%      0.48% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu              4982001     81.76%     82.24% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                2306      0.04%     82.28% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                17171      0.28%     82.56% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd              23358      0.38%     82.94% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     82.94% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     82.94% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     82.94% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     82.94% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0      0.00%     82.94% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0      0.00%     82.94% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     82.94% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     82.94% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     82.94% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     82.94% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     82.94% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     82.94% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0      0.00%     82.94% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     82.94% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     82.94% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     82.94% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     82.94% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     82.94% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     82.94% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     82.94% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     82.94% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     82.94% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     82.94% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0      0.00%     82.94% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     82.94% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     82.94% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     82.94% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead              938289     15.40%     98.34% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite              97260      1.60%     99.94% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead           3764      0.06%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite            64      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::total               6093727                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.rate                          0.199567                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_cnt                      25751                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.004226                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_reads          42610111                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_writes         13751019                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      5793903                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads              56671                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes             46630                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses        25564                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.int_alu_accesses               6060749                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_alu_accesses                  29215                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads            8286                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       994805                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          312                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           14                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        83710                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           81                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked         1221                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu0.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu0.iew.iewSquashCycles                 96006                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu0.iew.iewBlockCycles               24241112                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewUnblockCycles               294321                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispatchedInsts            8389938                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts             7403                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispLoadInsts              1524427                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispStoreInsts              133511                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts              2835                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewIQFullEvents                 24015                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                88699                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.memOrderViolationEvents            14                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu0.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         45602                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        62447                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.branchMispredicts              108049                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecutedInsts              5955963                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecLoadInsts               893223                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts           137764                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu0.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_refs                      983460                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_branches                  687623                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_stores                     90237                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_rate                    0.195056                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu0.iew.wb_sent                       5848085                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu0.iew.wb_count                      5819467                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu0.iew.wb_producers                  4303498                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_consumers                  6870522                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_rate                      0.190585                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu0.iew.wb_fanout                    0.626371                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu0.commit.commitSquashedInsts        5408752                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu0.commit.commitNonSpecStalls              1                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu0.commit.branchMispredicts            96002                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     29657503                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.100556                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     0.605425                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     28426445     95.85%     95.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       548572      1.85%     97.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       139583      0.47%     98.17% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       352033      1.19%     99.36% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        71081      0.24%     99.60% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        39246      0.13%     99.73% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         9869      0.03%     99.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         6769      0.02%     99.78% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        63905      0.22%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     29657503                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committedInsts             1494135                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.commit.committedOps               2982228                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu0.commit.refs                        579420                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu0.commit.loads                       529619                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu0.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu0.commit.branches                    507289                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu0.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.fp_insts                     19890                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.int_insts                  2962117                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.function_calls                8779                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass         5992      0.20%      0.20% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu         2364970     79.30%     79.50% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntMult            351      0.01%     79.51% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv           14491      0.49%     80.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd         17004      0.57%     80.57% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     80.57% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     80.57% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     80.57% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.57% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     80.57% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0      0.00%     80.57% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     80.57% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     80.57% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     80.57% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     80.57% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     80.57% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     80.57% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     80.57% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0      0.00%     80.57% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.57% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     80.57% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     80.57% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     80.57% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     80.57% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     80.57% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     80.57% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     80.57% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     80.57% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     80.57% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     80.57% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.57% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     80.57% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemRead         526733     17.66%     98.23% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite         49801      1.67%     99.90% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead         2886      0.10%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::total          2982228                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.bw_lim_events                63905                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu0.rob.rob_reads                    37984578                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu0.rob.rob_writes                   17571678                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu0.timesIdled                            730                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu0.idleCycles                          90377                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu0.committedInsts                    1494135                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu0.committedOps                      2982228                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu0.cpi                             20.436366                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu0.cpi_total                       20.436366                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu0.ipc                              0.048932                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu0.ipc_total                        0.048932                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_reads                 6253043                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_writes                5055207                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_reads                    45283                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_writes                   22630                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_reads                  3552717                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_writes                 1625422                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu0.misc_regfile_reads                3018074                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements           254802                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                1024                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs             471040                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           254802                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs             1.848651                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data         1024                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          139                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          769                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          116                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses          3970914                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses         3970914                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data       420823                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         420823                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.data        48713                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         48713                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu0.data       469536                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total          469536                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu0.data       469536                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total         469536                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data       458404                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       458404                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu0.data         1088                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         1088                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu0.data       459492                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total        459492                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu0.data       459492                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total       459492                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  35005793500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  35005793500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data     57400000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     57400000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  35063193500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  35063193500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  35063193500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  35063193500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data       879227                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       879227                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.data        49801                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        49801                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu0.data       929028                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total       929028                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu0.data       929028                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total       929028                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.521372                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.521372                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.021847                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.021847                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.494594                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.494594                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.494594                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.494594                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 76364.502709                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 76364.502709                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 52757.352941                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 52757.352941                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 76308.604938                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 76308.604938                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 76308.604938                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 76308.604938                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs        30329                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs              985                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    30.790863                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         2418                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total             2418                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       204678                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       204678                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data           11                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       204689                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       204689                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       204689                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       204689                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       253726                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       253726                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         1077                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         1077                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       254803                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       254803                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       254803                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       254803                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  19126098000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  19126098000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     55296000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     55296000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  19181394000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  19181394000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  19181394000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  19181394000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.288578                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.288578                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.021626                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.021626                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.274268                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.274268                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.274268                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.274268                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 75380.914845                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 75380.914845                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 51342.618384                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 51342.618384                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 75279.309898                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 75279.309898                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 75279.309898                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 75279.309898                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements                3                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse                1021                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs                227                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs                3                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs            75.666667                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst         1021                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.997070                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.997070                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1021                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         1018                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.997070                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses          5711451                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses         5711451                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst      1427858                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        1427858                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu0.inst      1427858                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total         1427858                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu0.inst      1427858                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total        1427858                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.inst            4                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total            4                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::cpu0.inst            4                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total             4                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::cpu0.inst            4                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total            4                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       444000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total       444000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       444000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::total       444000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       444000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::total       444000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst      1427862                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1427862                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst      1427862                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total      1427862                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst      1427862                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total      1427862                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000003                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000003                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000003                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       111000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total       111000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       111000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total       111000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       111000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total       111000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::writebacks            3                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::total                3                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst            3                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst            3                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst            3                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       353000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       353000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       353000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total       353000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       353000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total       353000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000002                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000002                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000002                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000002                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000002                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000002                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 117666.666667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 117666.666667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 117666.666667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 117666.666667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 117666.666667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 117666.666667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.branchPred.lookups                      0                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.condPredicted                0                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu1.branchPred.condIncorrect                0                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBLookups                   0                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHitPct                  nan                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu1.branchPred.usedRAS                      0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu1.branchPred.RASInCorrect                 0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectLookups              0                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectHits                 0                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectMisses               0                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu1.branchPredindirectMispredicted            0                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu1.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::samples                 0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::mean                  nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::stdev                 nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::0                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::1                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::2                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::3                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::4                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::5                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::6                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::7                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::8                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::max_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::total                   0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.idleRate                        nan                       # Percent of cycles fetch was idle
system.cpu1.fetch.branchRate                      nan                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.fetch.rate                            nan                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.rename.serializeStallCycles             0                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu1.rename.serializingInsts                 0                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.tempSerializingInsts             0                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.skidInsts                        0                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedLoads                   0                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedStores                  0                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingLoads                0                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingStores               0                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean             nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev            nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::0                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::1                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::2                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::3                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::4                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::5                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::6                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::7                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::8                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::total              0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemRead                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::total                     0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.rate                               nan                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_cnt                          0                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_rate                       nan                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                  0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads               0                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads            0                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            0                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores            0                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu1.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu1.iew.iewSquashCycles                     0                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu1.iew.iewBlockCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewUnblockCycles                    0                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispatchedInsts                  0                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispStoreInsts                   0                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                 0                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewIQFullEvents                     0                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                    0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             0                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu1.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect             0                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect            0                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.branchMispredicts                   0                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecutedInsts                    0                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu1.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_refs                           0                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_branches                       0                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_stores                         0                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_rate                         nan                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu1.iew.wb_sent                             0                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu1.iew.wb_count                            0                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu1.iew.wb_producers                        0                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_consumers                        0                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_rate                           nan                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu1.iew.wb_fanout                         nan                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::0            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::1            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::2            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::3            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::4            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::5            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::6            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::7            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::8            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::total            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committedInsts                   0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.commit.committedOps                     0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu1.commit.refs                             0                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu1.commit.loads                            0                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu1.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu1.commit.branches                         0                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu1.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.fp_insts                         0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.int_insts                        0                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.function_calls                   0                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntMult              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemRead              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::total                0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.bw_lim_events                    0                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu1.rob.rob_reads                           0                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu1.rob.rob_writes                          0                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu1.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu1.committedOps                            0                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu1.cpi                                   nan                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu1.cpi_total                             nan                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu1.ipc                                   nan                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu1.ipc_total                             nan                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.replacements                    190430                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                        16384                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                      326692                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                    190430                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      1.715549                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks       12.318798                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst         0.224565                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data     16371.456636                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.000752                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst        0.000014                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data        0.999234                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total                   1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         16384                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          133                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1         1154                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         9989                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         5084                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           24                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                   4265158                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                  4265158                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks         2418                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total             2418                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks            3                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total                3                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu0.data               611                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                   611                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu0.data         63783                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total             63783                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.data                64394                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                    64394                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.data               64394                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                   64394                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0.data             466                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                 466                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu0.inst            3                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total                3                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu0.data       189943                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total          189943                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.inst                  3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.data             190409                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                 190412                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.inst                 3                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.data            190409                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                190412                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data     47010000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      47010000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       348500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total       348500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  18043605000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total  18043605000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       348500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  18090615000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total      18090963500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       348500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  18090615000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total     18090963500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks         2418                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         2418                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks            3                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total            3                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0.data          1077                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total              1077                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu0.inst            3                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total              3                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu0.data       253726                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total        253726                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst                3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.data           254803                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total               254806                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst               3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.data          254803                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total              254806                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.432683                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.432683                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.748615                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.748615                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data        0.747279                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.747282                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data       0.747279                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.747282                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 100879.828326                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 100879.828326                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 116166.666667                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total 116166.666667                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 94994.840557                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 94994.840557                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 116166.666667                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 95009.243261                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 95009.576602                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 116166.666667                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 95009.243261                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 95009.576602                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                  735                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                       735                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::writebacks            4                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::total             4                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data          466                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            466                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst            3                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       189943                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total       189943                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst             3                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        190409                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total            190412                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst            3                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       190409                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total           190412                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     42350000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     42350000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       318500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       318500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  16144185000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  16144185000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       318500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  16186535000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  16186853500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       318500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  16186535000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  16186853500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::writebacks          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.432683                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.432683                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.748615                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.748615                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.747279                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.747282                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.747279                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.747282                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 90879.828326                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 90879.828326                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 106166.666667                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 106166.666667                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 84994.893205                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84994.893205                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 106166.666667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 85009.295779                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 85009.629120                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 106166.666667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 85009.295779                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 85009.629120                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests        380821                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       190411                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             189945                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          735                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict           189673                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq               466                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp              466                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        189947                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       571232                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total       571232                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 571232                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     12233344                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total     12233344                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                12233344                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples            190413                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                  190413    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total              190413                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer4.occupancy           448589000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer4.utilization               2.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy         1030569250                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              6.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests       509611                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       254803                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests          493                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops             26                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops           26                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp            253728                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         3153                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean            3                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict          442079                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq             1077                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp            1077                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq             3                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       253726                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side            9                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       764407                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total                764416                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side          384                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     16462080                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total               16462464                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                          190430                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                     47040                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples           445236                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.001161                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.034056                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                 444719     99.88%     99.88% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                    517      0.12%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::5                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::6                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::7                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::8                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total             445236                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy          257226500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              1.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy              4500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy         382203000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             2.5                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
