
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.015267                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 15267344125                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               2732854598375                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                               87615311                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                162103289                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              244527701                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1248940                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                    62.44                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  5470352555                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   10121087985                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.inst            128                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.data       10547072                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total           10547200                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu0.inst          128                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total           128                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks       112640                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total          112640                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.inst               2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.data          164798                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total              164800                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks          1760                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total               1760                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.inst              8384                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.data         690825589                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total             690833973                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu0.inst         8384                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total             8384                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks         7377839                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total              7377839                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks         7377839                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.inst             8384                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.data        690825589                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total            698211812                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                      164800                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                       1760                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                    164800                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                     1760                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM               10530048                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                   17152                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                  113024                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                10547200                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys               112640                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                    268                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0              9500                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1              9664                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2              9349                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3             11787                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4             12423                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5             11511                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6             11281                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7              9995                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8              9930                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9              9843                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10             9854                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11             9558                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12             9667                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13            10336                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14            10059                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15             9775                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0               128                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1               142                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2               245                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3               392                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4               160                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5               126                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6               105                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7                28                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9                59                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10                7                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11                3                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12               15                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13              100                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14              128                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15              128                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                   15267341000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                164800                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6                 1760                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                  127781                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                   34293                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                    2393                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                      65                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                      3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                      3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                    107                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                    109                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                    109                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                    109                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                    109                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                    109                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                    110                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                    110                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                    110                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                    110                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                    110                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                    110                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                    110                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                    110                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                    110                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                    112                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples        93307                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    114.079501                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean    98.699918                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev    71.048761                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127        49648     53.21%     53.21% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255        36561     39.18%     92.39% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383         6219      6.67%     99.06% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511          708      0.76%     99.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639          106      0.11%     99.93% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767           20      0.02%     99.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895           16      0.02%     99.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           10      0.01%     99.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151           19      0.02%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total        93307                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples          110                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean    1499.936364                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean   1452.859928                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    390.079392                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::768-895            2      1.82%      1.82% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::896-1023            7      6.36%      8.18% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1151            9      8.18%     16.36% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::1152-1279           18     16.36%     32.73% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::1280-1407           18     16.36%     49.09% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::1408-1535            9      8.18%     57.27% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::1536-1663           13     11.82%     69.09% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::1664-1791           12     10.91%     80.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::1792-1919            6      5.45%     85.45% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::1920-2047            5      4.55%     90.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::2048-2175            4      3.64%     93.64% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::2176-2303            3      2.73%     96.36% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::2304-2431            1      0.91%     97.27% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::2432-2559            2      1.82%     99.09% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::2816-2943            1      0.91%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total           110                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples          110                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      16.054545                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     16.051479                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev      0.327245                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16              107     97.27%     97.27% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::18                3      2.73%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total           110                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                   4222398750                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat              7307373750                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                  822660000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     25663.09                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                44413.09                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                       689.71                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                         7.40                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                    690.83                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                      7.38                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         5.45                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     5.39                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    0.06                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.27                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      25.59                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                    71536                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                    1464                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 43.48                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                83.18                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                      91662.71                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    43.90                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                346125780                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                183996780                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy               610541400                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy                6921720                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         1205309040.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy           1536634500                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy             24694080                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy      5258344050                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy       115878720                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy                0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy             9288446070                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            608.386501                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime          11833063750                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE      9742500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF     509860000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    301926250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT    2914107500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  11531707875                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                320021940                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                170103285                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy               564217080                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy                2296800                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         1205309040.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy           1429123950                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy             24875520                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy      5325937500                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy       149311680                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy                0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy             9191196795                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            602.016744                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime          12069209000                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE      9840000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF     509860000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    388817250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT    2678413500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  11680413375                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.branchPred.lookups                2693620                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.condPredicted          2693620                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu0.branchPred.condIncorrect           160429                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBLookups             2251964                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHitPct             0.000000                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu0.branchPred.usedRAS                 149887                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu0.branchPred.RASInCorrect             21823                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectLookups        2251964                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectHits           1038118                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectMisses         1213846                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu0.branchPredindirectMispredicted        77387                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb.rdAccesses                    1425970                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrAccesses                     233141                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.dtb.rdMisses                       230891                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrMisses                         3935                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrAccesses                    2012241                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrMisses                         9904                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.workload.numSyscalls                    0                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.numCycles                        30534688                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.fetch.icacheStallCycles           2094357                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu0.fetch.Insts                       8890090                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu0.fetch.Branches                    2693620                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu0.fetch.predictedBranches           1188005                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu0.fetch.Cycles                     28153012                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu0.fetch.SquashCycles                 327456                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu0.fetch.TlbCycles                      1350                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
system.cpu0.fetch.MiscStallCycles                2446                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu0.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles        75523                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu0.fetch.CacheLines                  2002338                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu0.fetch.IcacheSquashes                31646                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.ItlbSquashes                      7                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::samples          30490416                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::mean             0.588941                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::stdev            1.919450                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::0                27265573     89.42%     89.42% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::1                   81466      0.27%     89.69% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::2                  815467      2.67%     92.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::3                  107176      0.35%     92.72% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::4                  231057      0.76%     93.47% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::5                  167666      0.55%     94.02% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::6                  169326      0.56%     94.58% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::7                   76863      0.25%     94.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::8                 1575822      5.17%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::total            30490416                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.branchRate                 0.088215                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.fetch.rate                       0.291147                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.decode.IdleCycles                 1241953                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu0.decode.BlockedCycles             26769924                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu0.decode.RunCycles                  1849705                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu0.decode.UnblockCycles               465106                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu0.decode.SquashCycles                163728                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu0.decode.DecodedInsts              15373766                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu0.rename.SquashCycles                163728                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu0.rename.IdleCycles                 1429070                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu0.rename.BlockCycles               25232810                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu0.rename.serializeStallCycles         46691                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu0.rename.RunCycles                  2030974                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu0.rename.UnblockCycles              1587143                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedInsts              14626030                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu0.rename.ROBFullEvents                99283                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu0.rename.IQFullEvents               1259659                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu0.rename.LQFullEvents                209524                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu0.rename.SQFullEvents                  3168                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedOperands           17343333                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu0.rename.RenameLookups             39263924                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu0.rename.int_rename_lookups        20343082                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.fp_rename_lookups           163194                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.CommittedMaps              6508539                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu0.rename.UndoneMaps                10834793                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu0.rename.serializingInsts               704                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.tempSerializingInsts           956                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.skidInsts                  2602670                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedLoads             2248550                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedStores             335729                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingLoads            19696                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingStores           16436                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsAdded                  13458780                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu0.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded              19178                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsIssued                 10233840                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued            23031                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined        8107194                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     14655272                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         19178                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     30490416                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        0.335641                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       1.115645                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::0           26876647     88.15%     88.15% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::1            1197672      3.93%     92.08% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::2             709488      2.33%     94.40% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::3             514365      1.69%     96.09% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::4             523210      1.72%     97.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::5             277167      0.91%     98.71% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::6             216494      0.71%     99.42% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::7             106526      0.35%     99.77% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::8              68847      0.23%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       30490416                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                  48472     75.55%     75.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0      0.00%     75.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%     75.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                 5127      7.99%     83.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%     83.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%     83.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0      0.00%     83.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0      0.00%     83.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%     83.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0      0.00%     83.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%     83.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%     83.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%     83.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%     83.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%     83.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%     83.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%     83.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%     83.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%     83.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%     83.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%     83.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%     83.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%     83.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%     83.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%     83.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%     83.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%     83.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%     83.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%     83.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     83.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%     83.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemRead                  8844     13.79%     97.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                 1120      1.75%     99.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead              581      0.91%     99.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite              12      0.02%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            59779      0.58%      0.58% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu              8284890     80.96%     81.54% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                5306      0.05%     81.59% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                50497      0.49%     82.09% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd              63124      0.62%     82.70% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     82.70% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     82.70% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     82.70% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     82.70% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0      0.00%     82.70% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0      0.00%     82.70% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     82.70% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     82.70% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     82.70% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     82.70% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     82.70% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     82.70% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0      0.00%     82.70% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     82.70% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     82.70% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     82.70% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     82.70% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     82.70% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     82.70% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     82.70% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     82.70% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     82.70% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     82.70% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0      0.00%     82.70% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     82.70% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     82.70% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     82.70% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead             1507052     14.73%     97.43% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite             250451      2.45%     99.88% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead          12715      0.12%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite            26      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::total              10233840                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.rate                          0.335155                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_cnt                      64156                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.006269                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_reads          50887169                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_writes         21454583                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      9646012                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads             158114                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            130580                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses        70168                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.int_alu_accesses              10156632                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_alu_accesses                  81585                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads           19575                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      1410645                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          602                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           22                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       190111                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          192                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked         1382                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu0.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu0.iew.iewSquashCycles                163728                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu0.iew.iewBlockCycles               22238865                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewUnblockCycles               306361                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispatchedInsts           13477958                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts            10835                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispLoadInsts              2248550                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispStoreInsts              335729                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts              6861                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewIQFullEvents                 28394                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                66551                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.memOrderViolationEvents            22                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu0.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         71916                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       121671                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.branchMispredicts              193587                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecutedInsts              9945879                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecLoadInsts              1424721                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts           287961                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu0.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_refs                     1657815                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_branches                 1137584                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_stores                    233094                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_rate                    0.325724                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu0.iew.wb_sent                       9779855                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu0.iew.wb_count                      9716180                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu0.iew.wb_producers                  7174511                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_consumers                 11846934                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_rate                      0.318201                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu0.iew.wb_fanout                    0.605601                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu0.commit.commitSquashedInsts        8108265                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu0.commit.branchMispredicts           163720                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     29291416                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.183356                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     0.859868                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     27283485     93.14%     93.14% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       813920      2.78%     95.92% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       256903      0.88%     96.80% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       535746      1.83%     98.63% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       115878      0.40%     99.03% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        78355      0.27%     99.29% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        28709      0.10%     99.39% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        19103      0.07%     99.46% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       159317      0.54%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     29291416                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committedInsts             2695143                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.commit.committedOps               5370762                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu0.commit.refs                        983522                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu0.commit.loads                       837904                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu0.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu0.commit.branches                    820240                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu0.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.fp_insts                     58700                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.int_insts                  5311407                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.function_calls               25675                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass        17879      0.33%      0.33% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu         4274459     79.59%     79.92% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntMult           1027      0.02%     79.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv           43787      0.82%     80.75% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd         50088      0.93%     81.69% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     81.69% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     81.69% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     81.69% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     81.69% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     81.69% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0      0.00%     81.69% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     81.69% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     81.69% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     81.69% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     81.69% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     81.69% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     81.69% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     81.69% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0      0.00%     81.69% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     81.69% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     81.69% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     81.69% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     81.69% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     81.69% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     81.69% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     81.69% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     81.69% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     81.69% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     81.69% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     81.69% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     81.69% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     81.69% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemRead         829292     15.44%     97.13% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite        145618      2.71%     99.84% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead         8612      0.16%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::total          5370762                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.bw_lim_events               159317                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu0.rob.rob_reads                    42611126                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu0.rob.rob_writes                   28164581                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu0.timesIdled                            430                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu0.idleCycles                          44272                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu0.committedInsts                    2695143                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu0.committedOps                      5370762                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu0.cpi                             11.329524                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu0.cpi_total                       11.329524                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu0.ipc                              0.088265                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu0.ipc_total                        0.088265                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_reads                11471376                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_writes                8393847                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_reads                   123061                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_writes                   61552                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_reads                  5880082                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_writes                 2881979                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu0.misc_regfile_reads                4742943                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements           337160                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                1024                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs             980469                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           337160                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs             2.908023                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data         1024                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          234                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          710                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           76                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            4                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses          6482432                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses         6482432                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data       788142                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         788142                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.data       143992                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        143992                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu0.data       932134                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total          932134                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu0.data       932134                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total         932134                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data       602558                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       602558                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu0.data         1626                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         1626                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu0.data       604184                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total        604184                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu0.data       604184                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total       604184                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  33459862500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  33459862500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    145713000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    145713000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  33605575500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  33605575500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  33605575500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  33605575500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data      1390700                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1390700                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.data       145618                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       145618                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu0.data      1536318                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1536318                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu0.data      1536318                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1536318                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.433277                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.433277                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.011166                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.011166                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.393268                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.393268                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.393268                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.393268                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 55529.695896                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 55529.695896                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 89614.391144                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 89614.391144                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 55621.425758                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 55621.425758                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 55621.425758                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 55621.425758                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs        33864                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs             1177                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    28.771453                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         4499                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total             4499                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       266989                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       266989                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data           35                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           35                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       267024                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       267024                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       267024                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       267024                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       335569                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       335569                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         1591                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         1591                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       337160                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       337160                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       337160                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       337160                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  18030980000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  18030980000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    140838500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    140838500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  18171818500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  18171818500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  18171818500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  18171818500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.241295                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.241295                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.010926                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.010926                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.219460                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.219460                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.219460                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.219460                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 53732.555749                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 53732.555749                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 88521.998743                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 88521.998743                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 53896.721141                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 53896.721141                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 53896.721141                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 53896.721141                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements                2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse                1021                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs                  2                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs                2                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs                    1                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst         1021                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.997070                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.997070                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1021                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         1021                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.997070                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses          8009354                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses         8009354                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst      2002336                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        2002336                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu0.inst      2002336                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total         2002336                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu0.inst      2002336                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total        2002336                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total            2                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::cpu0.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total             2                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::cpu0.inst            2                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total            2                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       211000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total       211000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       211000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::total       211000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       211000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::total       211000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst      2002338                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      2002338                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst      2002338                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total      2002338                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst      2002338                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total      2002338                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000001                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000001                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000001                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000001                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000001                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000001                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       105500                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total       105500                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       105500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total       105500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       105500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total       105500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::writebacks            2                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::total                2                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            2                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total            2                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst            2                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total            2                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       209000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       209000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       209000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total       209000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       209000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total       209000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000001                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000001                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000001                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000001                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000001                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000001                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       104500                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       104500                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       104500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       104500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       104500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       104500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.branchPred.lookups                      0                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.condPredicted                0                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu1.branchPred.condIncorrect                0                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBLookups                   0                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHitPct                  nan                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu1.branchPred.usedRAS                      0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu1.branchPred.RASInCorrect                 0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectLookups              0                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectHits                 0                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectMisses               0                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu1.branchPredindirectMispredicted            0                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu1.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::samples                 0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::mean                  nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::stdev                 nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::0                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::1                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::2                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::3                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::4                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::5                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::6                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::7                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::8                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::max_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::total                   0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.idleRate                        nan                       # Percent of cycles fetch was idle
system.cpu1.fetch.branchRate                      nan                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.fetch.rate                            nan                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.rename.serializeStallCycles             0                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu1.rename.serializingInsts                 0                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.tempSerializingInsts             0                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.skidInsts                        0                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedLoads                   0                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedStores                  0                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingLoads                0                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingStores               0                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean             nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev            nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::0                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::1                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::2                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::3                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::4                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::5                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::6                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::7                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::8                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::total              0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemRead                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::total                     0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.rate                               nan                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_cnt                          0                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_rate                       nan                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                  0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads               0                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads            0                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            0                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores            0                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu1.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu1.iew.iewSquashCycles                     0                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu1.iew.iewBlockCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewUnblockCycles                    0                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispatchedInsts                  0                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispStoreInsts                   0                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                 0                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewIQFullEvents                     0                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                    0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             0                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu1.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect             0                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect            0                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.branchMispredicts                   0                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecutedInsts                    0                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu1.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_refs                           0                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_branches                       0                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_stores                         0                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_rate                         nan                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu1.iew.wb_sent                             0                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu1.iew.wb_count                            0                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu1.iew.wb_producers                        0                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_consumers                        0                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_rate                           nan                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu1.iew.wb_fanout                         nan                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::0            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::1            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::2            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::3            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::4            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::5            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::6            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::7            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::8            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::total            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committedInsts                   0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.commit.committedOps                     0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu1.commit.refs                             0                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu1.commit.loads                            0                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu1.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu1.commit.branches                         0                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu1.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.fp_insts                         0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.int_insts                        0                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.function_calls                   0                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntMult              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemRead              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::total                0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.bw_lim_events                    0                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu1.rob.rob_reads                           0                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu1.rob.rob_writes                          0                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu1.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu1.committedOps                            0                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu1.cpi                                   nan                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu1.cpi_total                             nan                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu1.ipc                                   nan                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu1.ipc_total                             nan                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.replacements                    164861                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                        16384                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                      499691                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                    164861                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      3.030984                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks       10.171042                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst         0.144874                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data     16373.684084                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.000621                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst        0.000009                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data        0.999370                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total                   1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         16384                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          101                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1         1088                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         8897                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         6289                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            9                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                   5559453                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                  5559453                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks         4499                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total             4499                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks            2                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total                2                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu0.data               214                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                   214                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu0.data        172148                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total            172148                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.data               172362                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                   172362                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.data              172362                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                  172362                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0.data            1377                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                1377                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu0.inst            2                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total                2                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu0.data       163421                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total          163421                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.inst                  2                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.data             164798                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                 164800                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.inst                 2                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.data            164798                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                164800                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    136114500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     136114500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       206000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total       206000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  15664479000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total  15664479000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       206000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  15800593500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total      15800799500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       206000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  15800593500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total     15800799500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks         4499                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         4499                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks            2                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total            2                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0.data          1591                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total              1591                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu0.inst            2                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total              2                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu0.data       335569                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total        335569                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst                2                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.data           337160                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total               337162                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst               2                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.data          337160                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total              337162                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.865493                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.865493                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.486997                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.486997                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data        0.488783                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.488786                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data       0.488783                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.488786                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 98848.583878                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 98848.583878                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       103000                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total       103000                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 95853.525557                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 95853.525557                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       103000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 95878.551317                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 95878.637743                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       103000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 95878.551317                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 95878.637743                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                 1760                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                      1760                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::writebacks           74                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::total            74                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         1377                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           1377                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst            2                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total            2                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       163421                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total       163421                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst             2                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        164798                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total            164800                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst            2                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       164798                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total           164800                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    122344500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    122344500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       186000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       186000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  14030279000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  14030279000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       186000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  14152623500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  14152809500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       186000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  14152623500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  14152809500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::writebacks          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.865493                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.865493                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.486997                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.486997                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.488783                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.488786                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.488783                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.488786                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 88848.583878                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 88848.583878                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        93000                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        93000                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 85853.586748                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 85853.586748                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        93000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 85878.611998                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 85878.698422                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        93000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 85878.611998                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 85878.698422                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests        329604                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       164804                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             163422                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         1760                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict           163044                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq              1377                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp             1377                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        163423                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       494403                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total       494403                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 494403                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     10659776                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total     10659776                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                10659776                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples            164800                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                  164800    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total              164800                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer4.occupancy           390486000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer4.utilization               2.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy          896320500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              5.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests       674324                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       337163                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests           80                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops            132                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops          127                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            5                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp            335571                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         6259                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean            2                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict          495762                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq             1591                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp            1591                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq             2                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       335569                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side            6                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      1011480                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total               1011486                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side          256                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     21866176                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total               21866432                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                          164861                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                    112640                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples           502023                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.000432                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.021260                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                 501811     99.96%     99.96% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                    207      0.04%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      5      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::5                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::6                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::7                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::8                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total             502023                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy          341663000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              2.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy              3000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy         505740000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             3.3                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
