
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.015267                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 15267344125                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               580159076750                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                4118956                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                  7785232                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               48087866                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1218644                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                   317.49                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  1307721156                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                    2471721362                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.inst            320                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.data         479808                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total             480128                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu0.inst          320                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total           320                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks       397248                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total          397248                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.inst               5                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.data            7497                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total                7502                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks          6207                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total               6207                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.inst             20960                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.data          31427077                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total              31448037                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu0.inst        20960                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total            20960                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks        26019457                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total             26019457                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks        26019457                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.inst            20960                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.data         31427077                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total             57467494                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                        7502                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                       6207                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                      7502                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                     6207                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM                 480128                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                       0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                  397120                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                  480128                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys               397248                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                      0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0               380                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1               384                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2               571                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3               641                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4               641                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5               611                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6               386                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7               387                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8               387                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9               384                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10              445                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11              367                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12              345                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13              509                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14              573                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15              491                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0               380                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1               384                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2               507                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3               516                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4               522                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5               501                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6               263                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7               265                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8               274                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9               256                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10              334                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11              257                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12              299                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13              408                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14              544                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15              495                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                   15270386000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                  7502                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6                 6207                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                    6188                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                    1313                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                       1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                    173                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                    174                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                    309                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                    365                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                    367                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                    366                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                    366                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                    366                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                    367                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                    368                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                    370                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                    366                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                    368                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                    368                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                    369                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                    371                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                    369                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                    405                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples         5652                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    154.893135                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean    97.554928                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev   211.298856                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127         4181     73.97%     73.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255          572     10.12%     84.09% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383          226      4.00%     88.09% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511          141      2.49%     90.59% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639          160      2.83%     93.42% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767          137      2.42%     95.84% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895           75      1.33%     97.17% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           54      0.96%     98.12% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          106      1.88%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total         5652                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples          366                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean      20.497268                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean     19.751585                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev      6.362453                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::10-11             2      0.55%      0.55% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::12-13             3      0.82%      1.37% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::14-15            43     11.75%     13.11% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::16-17            83     22.68%     35.79% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::18-19            93     25.41%     61.20% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::20-21            35      9.56%     70.77% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::22-23            22      6.01%     76.78% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::24-25            37     10.11%     86.89% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::26-27            16      4.37%     91.26% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::28-29             5      1.37%     92.62% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::30-31             5      1.37%     93.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::32-33             2      0.55%     94.54% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::34-35             5      1.37%     95.90% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::36-37             2      0.55%     96.45% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::38-39             5      1.37%     97.81% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::40-41             2      0.55%     98.36% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::42-43             2      0.55%     98.91% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::46-47             1      0.27%     99.18% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::48-49             1      0.27%     99.45% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::50-51             1      0.27%     99.73% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::58-59             1      0.27%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total           366                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples          366                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      16.953552                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     16.923839                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev      1.007112                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16              192     52.46%     52.46% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::17                1      0.27%     52.73% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::18              171     46.72%     99.45% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::19                2      0.55%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total           366                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                    412371000                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat               553033500                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                   37510000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     54968.14                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                73718.14                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                        31.45                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                        26.01                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                     31.45                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                     26.02                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         0.45                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     0.25                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    0.20                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.01                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      24.60                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                     2968                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                    5084                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 39.56                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                81.91                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                    1113894.96                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    58.74                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                 22283940                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                 11844195                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy                28567140                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy               17424360                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         1243416720.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy            486117090                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy             49318080                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy      3399897810                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy      2117167680                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy        385778460                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy             7762439835                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            508.434196                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime          14071300375                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE     74690500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF     527414000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF   1102094000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN   5513272750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT     593764250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   7456108625                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                 18092760                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                  9605145                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy                24997140                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy               14965740                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         1175806320.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy            499699620                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy             47577600                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy      2739893100                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy      2215558560                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy        688788240                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy             7437174825                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            487.129573                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime          14042805875                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE     79947250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF     499138000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF   2264518000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN   5769766875                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT     645382000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   6008592000                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.branchPred.lookups               12967024                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.condPredicted         12967024                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu0.branchPred.condIncorrect          1013746                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBLookups            10888492                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHitPct             0.000000                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu0.branchPred.usedRAS                 962724                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu0.branchPred.RASInCorrect            198760                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectLookups       10888492                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectHits           3731049                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectMisses         7157443                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu0.branchPredindirectMispredicted       722161                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb.rdAccesses                   10070402                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrAccesses                    7560300                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.dtb.rdMisses                       115172                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrMisses                        37392                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrAccesses                    8900260                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrMisses                        16535                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.workload.numSyscalls                   25                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.numCycles                        30534688                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.fetch.icacheStallCycles           9576710                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu0.fetch.Insts                      58793347                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu0.fetch.Branches                   12967024                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu0.fetch.predictedBranches           4693773                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu0.fetch.Cycles                     19856580                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu0.fetch.SquashCycles                2046160                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu0.fetch.MiscStallCycles                9287                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu0.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles        68666                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu0.fetch.CacheLines                  8883725                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu0.fetch.IcacheSquashes               247889                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::samples          30534323                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::mean             3.678504                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::stdev            3.572972                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::0                12584804     41.22%     41.22% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::1                  841884      2.76%     43.97% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::2                 1256631      4.12%     48.09% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::3                 1404393      4.60%     52.69% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::4                 1111776      3.64%     56.33% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::5                 1126135      3.69%     60.02% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::6                 1048278      3.43%     63.45% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::7                  898521      2.94%     66.39% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::8                10261901     33.61%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::total            30534323                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.branchRate                 0.424665                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.fetch.rate                       1.925461                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.decode.IdleCycles                 8536517                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu0.decode.BlockedCycles              4553977                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu0.decode.RunCycles                 15495855                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu0.decode.UnblockCycles               924894                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu0.decode.SquashCycles               1023080                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu0.decode.DecodedInsts             107123400                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu0.rename.SquashCycles               1023080                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu0.rename.IdleCycles                 9264058                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu0.rename.BlockCycles                3122656                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu0.rename.serializeStallCycles         24822                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu0.rename.RunCycles                 15631576                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu0.rename.UnblockCycles              1468131                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedInsts             102413832                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu0.rename.ROBFullEvents                  125                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu0.rename.IQFullEvents                134326                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu0.rename.LQFullEvents                335413                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu0.rename.SQFullEvents               1011031                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedOperands          108983071                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu0.rename.RenameLookups            257821839                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu0.rename.int_rename_lookups       154050357                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.fp_rename_lookups          3179048                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.CommittedMaps             69883015                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu0.rename.UndoneMaps                39099989                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu0.rename.serializingInsts              1122                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.tempSerializingInsts          1497                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.skidInsts                  1060932                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedLoads            11865415                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedStores            8862434                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingLoads           487233                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingStores          194582                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsAdded                  92864345                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu0.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded              53953                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsIssued                 83398137                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued           424709                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       27541457                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     39700391                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         53928                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     30534323                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        2.731292                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       2.517383                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::0            9696459     31.76%     31.76% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::1            2839269      9.30%     41.05% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::2            3130546     10.25%     51.31% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::3            3149187     10.31%     61.62% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::4            3185801     10.43%     72.05% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::5            2776758      9.09%     81.15% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::6            3098030     10.15%     91.29% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::7            1631143      5.34%     96.64% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::8            1027130      3.36%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       30534323                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                 783298     72.52%     72.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0      0.00%     72.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%     72.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                14507      1.34%     73.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%     73.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%     73.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0      0.00%     73.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0      0.00%     73.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%     73.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0      0.00%     73.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%     73.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%     73.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%     73.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%     73.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%     73.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%     73.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%     73.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%     73.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%     73.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%     73.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%     73.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%     73.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%     73.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%     73.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%     73.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%     73.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%     73.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%     73.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%     73.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     73.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%     73.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemRead                104729      9.70%     83.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                90484      8.38%     91.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead              596      0.06%     91.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite           86482      8.01%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass           495988      0.59%      0.59% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu             63110980     75.67%     76.27% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult               70122      0.08%     76.35% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                87862      0.11%     76.46% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            1175579      1.41%     77.87% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     77.87% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     77.87% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     77.87% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     77.87% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0      0.00%     77.87% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0      0.00%     77.87% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     77.87% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     77.87% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     77.87% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     77.87% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     77.87% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     77.87% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0      0.00%     77.87% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     77.87% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     77.87% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     77.87% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     77.87% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     77.87% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     77.87% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     77.87% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     77.87% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     77.87% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     77.87% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0      0.00%     77.87% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     77.87% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     77.87% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     77.87% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead            10183495     12.21%     90.08% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite            7598397      9.11%     99.19% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead         398590      0.48%     99.67% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite        277124      0.33%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::total              83398137                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.rate                          2.731259                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_cnt                    1080096                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.012951                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_reads         194876752                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_writes        117379667                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     78135874                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            3958658                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes           3081171                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1796905                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.int_alu_accesses              81985260                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_alu_accesses                1996985                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         1293144                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      3980346                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses        11085                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         2605                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores      2436579                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          100                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu0.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu0.iew.iewSquashCycles               1023080                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu0.iew.iewBlockCycles                3118545                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewUnblockCycles                63735                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispatchedInsts           92918298                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts            18230                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispLoadInsts             11865415                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispStoreInsts             8862434                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts             19166                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewIQFullEvents                    93                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                63637                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          2605                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu0.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        291686                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1043937                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.branchMispredicts             1335623                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecutedInsts             81006451                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecLoadInsts             10062910                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts          2391694                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu0.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_refs                    17616654                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_branches                 8768556                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_stores                   7553744                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_rate                    2.652932                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu0.iew.wb_sent                      80492256                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu0.iew.wb_count                     79932779                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu0.iew.wb_producers                 55901360                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_consumers                 87632744                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_rate                      2.617770                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu0.iew.wb_fanout                    0.637905                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu0.commit.commitSquashedInsts       27541895                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu0.commit.commitNonSpecStalls             25                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu0.commit.branchMispredicts          1022403                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     26394901                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     2.476871                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     2.747469                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      9353970     35.44%     35.44% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      3819631     14.47%     49.91% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      2647926     10.03%     59.94% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      3632855     13.76%     73.71% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      1142370      4.33%     78.03% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1157109      4.38%     82.42% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       822082      3.11%     85.53% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       476457      1.81%     87.34% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      3342501     12.66%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     26394901                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committedInsts            34553885                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.commit.committedOps              65376772                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu0.commit.refs                      14310891                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu0.commit.loads                      7885041                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu0.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu0.commit.branches                   7570041                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu0.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.fp_insts                   1328025                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.int_insts                 64375016                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.function_calls              470877                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass       264102      0.40%      0.40% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu        49667250     75.97%     76.37% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntMult          55279      0.08%     76.46% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv           78022      0.12%     76.58% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd       1001228      1.53%     78.11% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     78.11% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     78.11% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.11% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.11% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     78.11% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.11% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.11% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     78.11% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.11% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     78.11% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     78.11% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     78.11% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     78.11% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0      0.00%     78.11% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.11% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.11% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.11% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     78.11% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.11% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.11% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.11% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.11% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.11% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.11% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.11% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.11% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.11% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemRead        7604935     11.63%     89.74% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite       6423266      9.82%     99.57% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead       280106      0.43%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite         2584      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::total         65376772                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.bw_lim_events              3342501                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu0.rob.rob_reads                   115971067                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu0.rob.rob_writes                  190059041                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu0.timesIdled                             34                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu0.idleCycles                            365                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu0.committedInsts                   34553885                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu0.committedOps                     65376772                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu0.cpi                              0.883683                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu0.cpi_total                        0.883683                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu0.ipc                              1.131627                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu0.ipc_total                        1.131627                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_reads               117565533                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_writes               62602635                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_reads                  2534286                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_writes                 1253612                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_reads                 40908332                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_writes                21457719                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu0.misc_regfile_reads               35583773                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements             8540                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                1024                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs          459587717                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs             8540                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs         53815.891920                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data         1024                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          151                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          868                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            4                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         60373004                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses        60373004                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data      8644435                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        8644435                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.data      6425322                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       6425322                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu0.data     15069757                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total        15069757                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu0.data     15069757                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total       15069757                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data        17616                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        17616                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu0.data         3743                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         3743                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu0.data        21359                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total         21359                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu0.data        21359                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total        21359                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data   1438864000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1438864000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    559915500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    559915500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data   1998779500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1998779500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data   1998779500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1998779500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data      8662051                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8662051                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.data      6429065                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      6429065                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu0.data     15091116                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total     15091116                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu0.data     15091116                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total     15091116                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.002034                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.002034                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.000582                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000582                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.001415                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.001415                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.001415                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.001415                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 81679.382380                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 81679.382380                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 149590.034731                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 149590.034731                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 93580.200384                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 93580.200384                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 93580.200384                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 93580.200384                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         4852                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total             4852                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data        12803                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        12803                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.data        12815                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        12815                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.data        12815                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        12815                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         4813                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         4813                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         3731                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         3731                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         8544                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         8544                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         8544                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         8544                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    405062000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    405062000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    555105500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    555105500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    960167500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    960167500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    960167500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    960167500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.000556                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000556                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.000580                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000580                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.000566                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000566                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.000566                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000566                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 84159.983378                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84159.983378                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 148781.961940                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 148781.961940                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 112379.154963                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 112379.154963                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 112379.154963                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 112379.154963                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements             1434                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse         1022.029157                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs             295405                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs             1434                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs           206.000697                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst  1022.029157                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.998075                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.998075                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            9                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           15                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         1000                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses         35536338                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses        35536338                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst      8882202                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        8882202                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu0.inst      8882202                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total         8882202                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu0.inst      8882202                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total        8882202                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.inst         1523                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         1523                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::cpu0.inst         1523                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total          1523                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::cpu0.inst         1523                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total         1523                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     20148500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     20148500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     20148500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     20148500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     20148500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     20148500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst      8883725                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8883725                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst      8883725                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total      8883725                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst      8883725                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total      8883725                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000171                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000171                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000171                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000171                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000171                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000171                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 13229.481287                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 13229.481287                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 13229.481287                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 13229.481287                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 13229.481287                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 13229.481287                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::writebacks         1434                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::total             1434                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst           85                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           85                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst           85                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           85                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst           85                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           85                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst         1438                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1438                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst         1438                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1438                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst         1438                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1438                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     17621000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     17621000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     17621000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     17621000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     17621000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     17621000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000162                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000162                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000162                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000162                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000162                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000162                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 12253.824757                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12253.824757                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 12253.824757                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12253.824757                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 12253.824757                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12253.824757                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.branchPred.lookups                      0                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.condPredicted                0                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu1.branchPred.condIncorrect                0                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBLookups                   0                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHitPct                  nan                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu1.branchPred.usedRAS                      0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu1.branchPred.RASInCorrect                 0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectLookups              0                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectHits                 0                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectMisses               0                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu1.branchPredindirectMispredicted            0                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu1.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::samples                 0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::mean                  nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::stdev                 nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::0                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::1                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::2                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::3                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::4                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::5                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::6                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::7                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::8                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::max_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::total                   0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.idleRate                        nan                       # Percent of cycles fetch was idle
system.cpu1.fetch.branchRate                      nan                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.fetch.rate                            nan                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.rename.serializeStallCycles             0                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu1.rename.serializingInsts                 0                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.tempSerializingInsts             0                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.skidInsts                        0                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedLoads                   0                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedStores                  0                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingLoads                0                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingStores               0                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean             nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev            nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::0                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::1                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::2                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::3                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::4                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::5                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::6                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::7                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::8                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::total              0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemRead                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::total                     0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.rate                               nan                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_cnt                          0                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_rate                       nan                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                  0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads               0                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads            0                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            0                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores            0                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu1.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu1.iew.iewSquashCycles                     0                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu1.iew.iewBlockCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewUnblockCycles                    0                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispatchedInsts                  0                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispStoreInsts                   0                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                 0                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewIQFullEvents                     0                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                    0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             0                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu1.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect             0                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect            0                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.branchMispredicts                   0                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecutedInsts                    0                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu1.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_refs                           0                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_branches                       0                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_stores                         0                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_rate                         nan                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu1.iew.wb_sent                             0                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu1.iew.wb_count                            0                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu1.iew.wb_producers                        0                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_consumers                        0                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_rate                           nan                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu1.iew.wb_fanout                         nan                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::0            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::1            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::2            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::3            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::4            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::5            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::6            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::7            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::8            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::total            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committedInsts                   0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.commit.committedOps                     0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu1.commit.refs                             0                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu1.commit.loads                            0                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu1.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu1.commit.branches                         0                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu1.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.fp_insts                         0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.int_insts                        0                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.function_calls                   0                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntMult              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemRead              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::total                0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.bw_lim_events                    0                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu1.rob.rob_reads                           0                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu1.rob.rob_writes                          0                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu1.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu1.committedOps                            0                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu1.cpi                                   nan                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu1.cpi_total                             nan                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu1.ipc                                   nan                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu1.ipc_total                             nan                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.replacements                      7570                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                        16384                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                        8510                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                      7570                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      1.124174                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks       56.248718                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst        24.895285                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data     16302.855997                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.003433                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst        0.001519                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data        0.995047                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total                   1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         16384                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          151                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1         1340                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         2273                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         2411                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4        10209                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                    167058                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                   167058                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks         4852                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total             4852                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks         1434                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total             1434                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu0.data                15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                    15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu0.inst           1431                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::total               1431                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu0.data          1028                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total              1028                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.inst                 1431                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.data                 1043                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                     2474                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.inst                1431                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.data                1043                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                    2474                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu0.data              2                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::total                  2                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0.data            3714                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                3714                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu0.inst            5                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total                5                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu0.data         3785                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total            3785                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.inst                  5                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.data               7499                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                   7504                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.inst                 5                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.data              7499                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                  7504                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    549290000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     549290000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       434500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total       434500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    386985500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total    386985500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       434500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data    936275500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total        936710000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       434500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data    936275500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total       936710000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks         4852                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         4852                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks         1434                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total         1434                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu0.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total                2                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0.data          3729                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total              3729                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu0.inst         1436                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total           1436                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu0.data         4813                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total          4813                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst             1436                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.data             8542                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total                 9978                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst            1436                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.data            8542                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total                9978                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total               1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.995977                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.995977                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.003482                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total      0.003482                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.786412                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.786412                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst        0.003482                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data        0.877897                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.752055                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst       0.003482                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data       0.877897                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.752055                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 147897.145934                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 147897.145934                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        86900                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total        86900                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 102241.875826                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 102241.875826                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        86900                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 124853.380451                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 124828.091684                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        86900                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 124853.380451                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 124828.091684                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                 6207                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                      6207                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::writebacks           87                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::total            87                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total             2                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         3714                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           3714                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst            5                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total            5                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         3785                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total         3785                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst             5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data          7499                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total              7504                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst            5                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         7499                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total             7504                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data        40000                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        40000                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    512150000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    512150000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       384500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       384500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    349155500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    349155500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       384500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    861305500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    861690000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       384500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    861305500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    861690000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::writebacks          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.995977                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.995977                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.003482                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003482                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.786412                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.786412                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.003482                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.877897                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.752055                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.003482                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.877897                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.752055                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data        20000                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        20000                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 137897.145934                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 137897.145934                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        76900                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        76900                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 92247.159841                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 92247.159841                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        76900                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 114856.047473                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 114830.756930                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        76900                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 114856.047473                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 114830.756930                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests         15141                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests         7639                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp               3788                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         6207                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict             1430                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq                2                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq              3714                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp             3714                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq          3788                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port        22643                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total        22643                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  22643                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       877376                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total       877376                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                  877376                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples              7504                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                    7504    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total                7504                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer4.occupancy            41495500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer4.utilization               0.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy           40606000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests        19956                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests         9968                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests           24                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops             20                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops           20                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp              6249                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        11059                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean         1434                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict            5051                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq               2                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp              2                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq             3729                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp            3729                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq          1438                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq         4813                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side         4308                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        25626                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total                 29934                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       183680                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       857088                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total                1040768                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                            7572                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                    397376                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples            17552                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.002165                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.046480                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                  17514     99.78%     99.78% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                     38      0.22%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::5                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::6                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::7                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::8                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total              17552                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy           16264000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy           2157000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy          12811000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
