
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.015267                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 15267344125                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               564891732625                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                3502838                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                  6620524                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               42004711                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1218644                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                   363.47                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  1273167271                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                    2406344590                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.data         250368                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total             250368                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks       211776                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total          211776                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.data            3912                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total                3912                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks          3309                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total               3309                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.data          16398923                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total              16398923                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks        13871175                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total             13871175                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks        13871175                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.data         16398923                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total             30270098                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                        3912                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                       3309                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                      3912                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                     3309                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM                 250368                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                       0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                  212224                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                  250368                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys               211776                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                      0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0               384                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1               384                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2               197                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3               128                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4               128                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5               131                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6               134                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7               129                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8               128                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9               196                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10              247                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11              279                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12              437                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13              285                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14              340                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15              385                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0               259                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1               254                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2               135                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3               125                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4               119                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5               103                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6               122                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7               129                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8               129                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9               201                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10              208                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11              291                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12              359                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13              281                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14              327                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15              274                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                   15265217000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                  3912                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6                 3309                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                    3909                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                       3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                    160                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                    162                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                    187                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                    187                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                    187                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                    187                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                    187                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                    187                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                    187                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                    186                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                    186                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                    186                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                    186                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                    186                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                    186                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                    188                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                    187                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                    187                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples         4482                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    103.225346                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean    76.876558                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev   148.063376                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127         3938     87.86%     87.86% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255          246      5.49%     93.35% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383           80      1.78%     95.14% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511           51      1.14%     96.27% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639           35      0.78%     97.05% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767           41      0.91%     97.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895           25      0.56%     98.53% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           27      0.60%     99.13% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151           39      0.87%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total         4482                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples          187                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean      20.973262                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean     20.726972                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev      3.549092                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::16-17             9      4.81%      4.81% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::18-19            49     26.20%     31.02% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::20-21            78     41.71%     72.73% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::22-23            28     14.97%     87.70% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::24-25             9      4.81%     92.51% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::26-27             4      2.14%     94.65% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::28-29             3      1.60%     96.26% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::30-31             1      0.53%     96.79% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::34-35             3      1.60%     98.40% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::36-37             3      1.60%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total           187                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples          187                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      17.732620                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     17.718199                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev      0.698043                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16               25     13.37%     13.37% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::17                2      1.07%     14.44% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::18              158     84.49%     98.93% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::19                2      1.07%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total           187                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                    322630000                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat               395980000                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                   19560000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     82471.88                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat               101221.88                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                        16.40                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                        13.90                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                     16.40                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                     13.87                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         0.24                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     0.13                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    0.11                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      24.63                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                       78                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                    2669                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                  1.99                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                80.66                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                    2114003.19                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    38.04                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                 12723480                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                  6758895                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy                11531100                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy                6504120                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         975433680.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy            318521700                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy             36230880                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy      2501722590                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy      1855325760                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy       1092033840                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy             6817769115                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            446.558947                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime          14469125750                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE     55782750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF     413808000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF   4154468250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN   4831558500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT     325514000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   5486212625                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                 19270860                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                 10250295                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy                16400580                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy               10805400                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         1283368320.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy            525775980                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy             54228480                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy      3052106610                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy      2301811680                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy        481392720                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy             7756518645                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            508.046362                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime          13967472000                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE     92345250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF     544896000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF   1283106750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN   5994270875                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT     659511500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   6693213750                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.branchPred.lookups               13259494                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.condPredicted         13259494                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu0.branchPred.condIncorrect          1099398                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBLookups            11088650                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHitPct             0.000000                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu0.branchPred.usedRAS                 996035                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu0.branchPred.RASInCorrect            211729                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectLookups       11088650                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectHits           3561160                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectMisses         7527490                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu0.branchPredindirectMispredicted       796042                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb.rdAccesses                    9916853                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrAccesses                    7471684                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.dtb.rdMisses                       140523                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrMisses                        48771                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrAccesses                    8965783                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrMisses                        15096                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.workload.numSyscalls                   23                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.numCycles                        30534688                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.fetch.icacheStallCycles           9697291                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu0.fetch.Insts                      59760568                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu0.fetch.Branches                   13259494                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu0.fetch.predictedBranches           4557195                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu0.fetch.Cycles                     19652919                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu0.fetch.SquashCycles                2216428                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu0.fetch.MiscStallCycles                8274                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu0.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles        67724                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu0.fetch.CacheLines                  8950687                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu0.fetch.IcacheSquashes               274433                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::samples          30534422                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::mean             3.746906                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::stdev            3.581455                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::0                12330330     40.38%     40.38% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::1                  858505      2.81%     43.19% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::2                 1249215      4.09%     47.28% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::3                 1399034      4.58%     51.87% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::4                 1118179      3.66%     55.53% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::5                 1106995      3.63%     59.15% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::6                 1026098      3.36%     62.51% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::7                  877246      2.87%     65.39% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::8                10568820     34.61%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::total            30534422                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.branchRate                 0.434244                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.fetch.rate                       1.957137                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.decode.IdleCycles                 8573219                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu0.decode.BlockedCycles              4260180                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu0.decode.RunCycles                 15645150                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu0.decode.UnblockCycles               947659                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu0.decode.SquashCycles               1108214                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu0.decode.DecodedInsts             108813310                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu0.rename.SquashCycles               1108214                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu0.rename.IdleCycles                 9349481                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu0.rename.BlockCycles                3302443                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu0.rename.serializeStallCycles         23414                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu0.rename.RunCycles                 15752152                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu0.rename.UnblockCycles               998718                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedInsts             103661503                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu0.rename.ROBFullEvents                  710                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu0.rename.IQFullEvents                 52582                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu0.rename.LQFullEvents                    65                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu0.rename.SQFullEvents                893735                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedOperands          110180390                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu0.rename.RenameLookups            260681260                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu0.rename.int_rename_lookups       155589768                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.fp_rename_lookups          3196396                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.CommittedMaps             67836333                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu0.rename.UndoneMaps                42344026                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu0.rename.serializingInsts              1095                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.tempSerializingInsts          1448                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.skidInsts                   843669                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedLoads            11862382                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedStores            8890143                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingLoads           493462                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingStores          202803                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsAdded                  93119594                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu0.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded              72916                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsIssued                 82896226                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued           452468                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       29685793                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     43064291                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         72893                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     30534422                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        2.714845                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       2.530527                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::0            9919829     32.49%     32.49% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::1            2820574      9.24%     41.72% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::2            3044110      9.97%     51.69% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::3            3078985     10.08%     61.78% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::4            3113702     10.20%     71.98% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::5            2770817      9.07%     81.05% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::6            3098530     10.15%     91.20% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::7            1652596      5.41%     96.61% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::8            1035279      3.39%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       30534422                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                 810947     73.90%     73.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0      0.00%     73.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%     73.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                14076      1.28%     75.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%     75.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%     75.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0      0.00%     75.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0      0.00%     75.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%     75.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0      0.00%     75.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%     75.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%     75.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%     75.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%     75.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%     75.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%     75.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%     75.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%     75.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%     75.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%     75.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%     75.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%     75.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%     75.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%     75.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%     75.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%     75.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%     75.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%     75.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%     75.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     75.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%     75.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemRead                100576      9.16%     84.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                83890      7.64%     91.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead              549      0.05%     92.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite           87362      7.96%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass           514971      0.62%      0.62% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu             62779973     75.73%     76.35% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult               73930      0.09%     76.44% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                85146      0.10%     76.55% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            1168029      1.41%     77.96% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     77.96% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     77.96% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     77.96% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     77.96% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0      0.00%     77.96% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0      0.00%     77.96% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     77.96% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     77.96% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     77.96% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     77.96% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     77.96% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     77.96% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0      0.00%     77.96% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     77.96% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     77.96% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     77.96% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     77.96% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     77.96% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     77.96% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     77.96% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     77.96% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     77.96% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     77.96% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0      0.00%     77.96% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     77.96% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     77.96% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     77.96% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead            10062542     12.14%     90.09% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite            7531496      9.09%     99.18% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead         400617      0.48%     99.66% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite        279522      0.34%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::total              82896226                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.rate                          2.714821                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_cnt                    1097400                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.013238                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_reads         193926501                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_writes        119751012                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     77303436                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            3950234                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes           3128389                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1791478                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.int_alu_accesses              81485355                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_alu_accesses                1993300                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         1236564                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      4270470                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses        10558                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         2684                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores      2647849                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           91                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu0.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu0.iew.iewSquashCycles               1108214                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu0.iew.iewBlockCycles                3357606                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewUnblockCycles                 1924                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispatchedInsts           93192510                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts            17988                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispLoadInsts             11862382                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispStoreInsts             8890143                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts             25532                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewIQFullEvents                   108                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                 1864                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          2684                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu0.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        304882                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1158853                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.branchMispredicts             1463735                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecutedInsts             80266471                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecLoadInsts              9909690                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts          2629748                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu0.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_refs                    17373555                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_branches                 8673360                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_stores                   7463865                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_rate                    2.628698                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu0.iew.wb_sent                      79714532                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu0.iew.wb_count                     79094914                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu0.iew.wb_producers                 55237673                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_consumers                 86421942                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_rate                      2.590330                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu0.iew.wb_fanout                    0.639163                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu0.commit.commitSquashedInsts       29686291                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu0.commit.commitNonSpecStalls             23                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu0.commit.branchMispredicts          1107505                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     26070594                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     2.435951                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     2.736172                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      9447940     36.24%     36.24% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      3759476     14.42%     50.66% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      2596551      9.96%     60.62% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      3522515     13.51%     74.13% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      1127116      4.32%     78.45% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1129817      4.33%     82.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       799700      3.07%     85.86% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       469014      1.80%     87.65% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      3218465     12.35%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     26070594                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committedInsts            33525167                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.commit.committedOps              63506690                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu0.commit.refs                      13834199                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu0.commit.loads                      7591908                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu0.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu0.commit.branches                   7380719                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu0.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.fp_insts                   1296577                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.int_insts                 62532725                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.function_calls              460631                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass       258220      0.41%      0.41% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu        48305305     76.06%     76.47% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntMult          54075      0.09%     76.56% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv           75467      0.12%     76.67% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd        979424      1.54%     78.22% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     78.22% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     78.22% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.22% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.22% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     78.22% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.22% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.22% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     78.22% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.22% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     78.22% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     78.22% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     78.22% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     78.22% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0      0.00%     78.22% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.22% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.22% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.22% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     78.22% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.22% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.22% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.22% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.22% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.22% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.22% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.22% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.22% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.22% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemRead        7317900     11.52%     89.74% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite       6242291      9.83%     99.57% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead       274008      0.43%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::total         63506690                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.bw_lim_events              3218465                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu0.rob.rob_reads                   116045110                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu0.rob.rob_writes                  190938503                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu0.timesIdled                             27                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu0.idleCycles                            266                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu0.committedInsts                   33525167                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu0.committedOps                     63506690                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu0.cpi                              0.910799                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu0.cpi_total                        0.910799                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu0.ipc                              1.097937                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu0.ipc_total                        1.097937                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_reads               115881353                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_writes               61973281                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_reads                  2522731                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_writes                 1247193                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_reads                 40201300                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_writes                21095897                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu0.misc_regfile_reads               35267450                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements             5024                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                1024                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs            3905411                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs             5024                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs           777.350916                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data         1024                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           24                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          498                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          244                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         59145572                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses        59145572                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data      8535562                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        8535562                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.data      6242093                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       6242093                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu0.data     14777655                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total        14777655                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu0.data     14777655                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total       14777655                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data         4132                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         4132                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu0.data         3350                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         3350                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu0.data         7482                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total          7482                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu0.data         7482                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total         7482                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    160507000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    160507000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    542324000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    542324000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data    702831000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    702831000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data    702831000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    702831000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data      8539694                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8539694                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.data      6245443                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      6245443                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu0.data     14785137                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total     14785137                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu0.data     14785137                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total     14785137                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.000484                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000484                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.000536                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000536                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.000506                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000506                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.000506                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000506                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 38844.869313                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 38844.869313                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 161887.761194                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 161887.761194                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 93936.246993                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 93936.246993                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 93936.246993                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 93936.246993                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            4                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            4                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         3824                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total             3824                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data         2423                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         2423                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data           33                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           33                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.data         2456                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         2456                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.data         2456                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         2456                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         1709                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1709                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         3317                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         3317                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         5026                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         5026                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         5026                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         5026                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     81842000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     81842000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    533940000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    533940000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    615782000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    615782000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    615782000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    615782000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.000200                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000200                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.000531                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000531                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.000340                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000340                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.000340                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000340                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 47888.823874                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 47888.823874                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 160970.756708                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 160970.756708                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 122519.299642                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 122519.299642                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 122519.299642                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 122519.299642                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements             1439                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse         1022.000011                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs             566703                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs             1439                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs           393.817234                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst  1022.000011                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.998047                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.998047                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1022                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            5                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            5                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           12                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          999                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.998047                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses         35804189                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses        35804189                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst      8949212                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        8949212                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu0.inst      8949212                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total         8949212                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu0.inst      8949212                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total        8949212                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.inst         1475                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         1475                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::cpu0.inst         1475                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total          1475                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::cpu0.inst         1475                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total         1475                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     18927000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     18927000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     18927000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     18927000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     18927000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     18927000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst      8950687                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8950687                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst      8950687                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total      8950687                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst      8950687                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total      8950687                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000165                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000165                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000165                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000165                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000165                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000165                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 12831.864407                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 12831.864407                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 12831.864407                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 12831.864407                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 12831.864407                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 12831.864407                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::writebacks         1439                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::total             1439                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst           34                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           34                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst         1441                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1441                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst         1441                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1441                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst         1441                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1441                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     17277500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     17277500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     17277500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     17277500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     17277500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     17277500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000161                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000161                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000161                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000161                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000161                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000161                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 11989.937543                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11989.937543                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 11989.937543                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11989.937543                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 11989.937543                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11989.937543                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.branchPred.lookups                      0                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.condPredicted                0                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu1.branchPred.condIncorrect                0                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBLookups                   0                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHitPct                  nan                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu1.branchPred.usedRAS                      0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu1.branchPred.RASInCorrect                 0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectLookups              0                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectHits                 0                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectMisses               0                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu1.branchPredindirectMispredicted            0                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu1.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::samples                 0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::mean                  nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::stdev                 nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::0                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::1                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::2                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::3                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::4                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::5                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::6                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::7                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::8                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::max_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::total                   0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.idleRate                        nan                       # Percent of cycles fetch was idle
system.cpu1.fetch.branchRate                      nan                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.fetch.rate                            nan                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.rename.serializeStallCycles             0                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu1.rename.serializingInsts                 0                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.tempSerializingInsts             0                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.skidInsts                        0                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedLoads                   0                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedStores                  0                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingLoads                0                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingStores               0                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean             nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev            nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::0                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::1                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::2                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::3                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::4                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::5                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::6                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::7                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::8                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::total              0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemRead                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::total                     0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.rate                               nan                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_cnt                          0                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_rate                       nan                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                  0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads               0                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads            0                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            0                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores            0                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu1.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu1.iew.iewSquashCycles                     0                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu1.iew.iewBlockCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewUnblockCycles                    0                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispatchedInsts                  0                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispStoreInsts                   0                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                 0                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewIQFullEvents                     0                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                    0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             0                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu1.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect             0                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect            0                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.branchMispredicts                   0                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecutedInsts                    0                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu1.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_refs                           0                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_branches                       0                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_stores                         0                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_rate                         nan                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu1.iew.wb_sent                             0                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu1.iew.wb_count                            0                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu1.iew.wb_producers                        0                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_consumers                        0                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_rate                           nan                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu1.iew.wb_fanout                         nan                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::0            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::1            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::2            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::3            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::4            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::5            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::6            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::7            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::8            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::total            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committedInsts                   0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.commit.committedOps                     0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu1.commit.refs                             0                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu1.commit.loads                            0                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu1.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu1.commit.branches                         0                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu1.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.fp_insts                         0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.int_insts                        0                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.function_calls                   0                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntMult              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemRead              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::total                0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.bw_lim_events                    0                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu1.rob.rob_reads                           0                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu1.rob.rob_writes                          0                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu1.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu1.committedOps                            0                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu1.cpi                                   nan                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu1.cpi_total                             nan                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu1.ipc                                   nan                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu1.ipc_total                             nan                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.replacements                      3916                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                        16384                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                        5450                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                      3916                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      1.391726                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks       53.678706                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst               24                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data     16306.321294                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.003276                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst        0.001465                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data        0.995259                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total                   1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         16384                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           24                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          239                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         2301                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4        13818                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                    107300                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                   107300                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks         3824                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total             3824                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks         1439                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total             1439                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu0.data                 9                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                     9                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu0.inst           1439                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::total               1439                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu0.data          1103                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total              1103                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.inst                 1439                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.data                 1112                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                     2551                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.inst                1439                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.data                1112                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                    2551                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu0.data              2                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::total                  2                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0.data            3306                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                3306                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu0.data          606                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total             606                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.data               3912                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                   3912                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.data              3912                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                  3912                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    528809000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     528809000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data     67654500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total     67654500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data    596463500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total        596463500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data    596463500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total       596463500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks         3824                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         3824                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks         1439                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total         1439                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu0.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total                2                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0.data          3315                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total              3315                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu0.inst         1439                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total           1439                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu0.data         1709                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total          1709                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst             1439                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.data             5024                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total                 6463                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst            1439                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.data            5024                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total                6463                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total               1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.997285                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.997285                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.354593                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.354593                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data        0.778662                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.605292                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data       0.778662                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.605292                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 159954.325469                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 159954.325469                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 111641.089109                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 111641.089109                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 152470.219836                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 152470.219836                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 152470.219836                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 152470.219836                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                 3309                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                      3309                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::writebacks           12                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::total            12                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total             2                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         3306                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           3306                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data          606                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total          606                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data          3912                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total              3912                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         3912                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total             3912                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data        40000                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        40000                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    495749000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    495749000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     61594500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     61594500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    557343500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    557343500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    557343500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    557343500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::writebacks          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.997285                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.997285                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.354593                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.354593                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.778662                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.605292                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.778662                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.605292                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data        20000                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        20000                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 149954.325469                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 149954.325469                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 101641.089109                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 101641.089109                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 142470.219836                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 142470.219836                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 142470.219836                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 142470.219836                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests          7828                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests         3916                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp                606                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         3309                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict              605                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq                2                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq              3306                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp             3306                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq           606                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port        11740                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total        11740                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  11740                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       462144                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total       462144                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                  462144                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples              3914                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                    3914    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total                3914                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer4.occupancy            22031000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer4.utilization               0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy           21521000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests        12930                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests         6464                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            9                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops             14                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops           14                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp              3150                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         7133                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean         1439                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict            1807                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq               2                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp              2                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq             3315                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp            3315                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq          1441                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq         1709                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side         4319                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        15076                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total                 19395                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       184192                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       566272                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total                 750464                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                            3918                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                    211904                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples            10383                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.002311                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.048024                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                  10359     99.77%     99.77% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                     24      0.23%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::5                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::6                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::7                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::8                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total              10383                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy           11728000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy           2161999                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy           7537499                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
