
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.015267                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 15267344125                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                                30534688250                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 256337                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   469327                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               50880429                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1217988                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                   300.06                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                    76917273                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     140827794                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.inst           2496                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.data         252800                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total             255296                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu0.inst         2496                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total          2496                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks       257600                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total          257600                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.inst              39                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.data            3950                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total                3989                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks          4025                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total               4025                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.inst            163486                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.data          16558217                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total              16721703                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu0.inst       163486                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total           163486                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks        16872614                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total             16872614                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks        16872614                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.inst           163486                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.data         16558217                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total             33594317                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                        3989                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                       4025                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                      3989                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                     4025                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM                 255296                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                       0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                  257792                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                  255296                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys               257600                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                      0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0               232                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1               328                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2               391                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3               379                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4               261                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5               139                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6               257                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7               263                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8               258                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9               163                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10              130                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11              128                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12              192                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13              263                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14              367                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15              238                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0               235                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1               330                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2               396                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3               372                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4               262                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5               138                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6               261                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7               266                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8               263                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9               166                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10              130                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11              128                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12              195                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13              264                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14              384                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15              238                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                   15265474000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                  3989                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6                 4025                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                    3968                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                       9                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                       7                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                       2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                    204                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                    207                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                    224                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                    225                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                    225                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                    224                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                    225                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                    225                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                    227                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                    226                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                    227                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                    226                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                    227                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                    226                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                    226                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                    227                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                    228                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                    226                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples         4881                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    105.145667                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean    79.501517                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev   136.253808                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127         4133     84.68%     84.68% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255          337      6.90%     91.58% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383          174      3.56%     95.14% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511           75      1.54%     96.68% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639           53      1.09%     97.77% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767           40      0.82%     98.59% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895           21      0.43%     99.02% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           25      0.51%     99.53% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151           23      0.47%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total         4881                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples          226                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean      17.663717                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean     17.625167                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev      1.007621                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::8                 1      0.44%      0.44% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::11                1      0.44%      0.88% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::15                1      0.44%      1.33% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::16               20      8.85%     10.18% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::17               16      7.08%     17.26% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::18              187     82.74%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total           226                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples          226                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      17.823009                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     17.813385                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev      0.569289                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16               19      8.41%      8.41% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::17                3      1.33%      9.73% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::18              203     89.82%     99.56% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::19                1      0.44%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total           226                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                    335627500                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat               410421250                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                   19945000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     84138.26                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat               102888.26                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                        16.72                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                        16.89                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                     16.72                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                     16.87                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         0.26                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     0.13                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    0.13                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      24.64                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                       70                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                    3068                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                  1.75                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                76.22                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                    1904850.76                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    39.16                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                 19599300                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                 10421070                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy                16065000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy               11797200                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         1312871040.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy            548944770                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy             55763520                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy      3456179040                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy      2184111360                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy        309251280                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy             7925886450                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            519.139831                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime          13914124625                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE     93149250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF     557112000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF    649198500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN   5687821500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT     700847000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   7579215875                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                 15236760                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                  8102325                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy                12416460                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy                9228960                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         1146303600.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy            488586330                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy             44183520                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy      2701484790                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy      2241617280                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy        675836040                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy             7344479145                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            481.058073                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime          14077340125                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE     70832750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF     486346000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF   2315675250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN   5837608250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT     632549500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   5924332375                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.branchPred.lookups               13120848                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.condPredicted         13120848                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu0.branchPred.condIncorrect          1078254                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBLookups            10819647                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHitPct             0.000000                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu0.branchPred.usedRAS                1028617                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu0.branchPred.RASInCorrect            216883                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectLookups       10819647                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectHits           3603182                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectMisses         7216465                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu0.branchPredindirectMispredicted       774827                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb.rdAccesses                   10052837                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrAccesses                    7532526                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.dtb.rdMisses                       133318                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrMisses                        42369                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrAccesses                    8971181                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrMisses                        13987                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.workload.numSyscalls                   24                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.numCycles                        30534688                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.fetch.icacheStallCycles           9701850                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu0.fetch.Insts                      59478592                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu0.fetch.Branches                   13120848                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu0.fetch.predictedBranches           4631799                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu0.fetch.Cycles                     19676615                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu0.fetch.SquashCycles                2172480                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu0.fetch.MiscStallCycles                8009                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu0.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles        60375                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu0.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           63                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.cpu0.fetch.CacheLines                  8957197                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu0.fetch.IcacheSquashes               261827                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::samples          30533152                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::mean             3.732192                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::stdev            3.577879                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::0                12370505     40.51%     40.51% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::1                  864960      2.83%     43.35% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::2                 1244755      4.08%     47.42% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::3                 1388976      4.55%     51.97% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::4                 1147524      3.76%     55.73% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::5                 1113061      3.65%     59.38% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::6                 1020561      3.34%     62.72% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::7                  907073      2.97%     65.69% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::8                10475737     34.31%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::total            30533152                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.branchRate                 0.429703                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.fetch.rate                       1.947902                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.decode.IdleCycles                 8602226                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu0.decode.BlockedCycles              4300101                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu0.decode.RunCycles                 15589238                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu0.decode.UnblockCycles               955347                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu0.decode.SquashCycles               1086240                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu0.decode.DecodedInsts             108425383                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu0.rename.SquashCycles               1086240                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu0.rename.IdleCycles                 9360085                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu0.rename.BlockCycles                3259079                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu0.rename.serializeStallCycles         41067                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu0.rename.RunCycles                 15719515                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu0.rename.UnblockCycles              1067166                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedInsts             103390487                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu0.rename.ROBFullEvents                  204                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu0.rename.IQFullEvents                 69498                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu0.rename.LQFullEvents                    58                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu0.rename.SQFullEvents                942396                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedOperands          109885282                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu0.rename.RenameLookups            260252762                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu0.rename.int_rename_lookups       155681639                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.fp_rename_lookups          3186122                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.CommittedMaps             68344575                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu0.rename.UndoneMaps                41540725                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu0.rename.serializingInsts              1447                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.tempSerializingInsts          2015                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.skidInsts                   924234                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedLoads            12018127                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedStores            8923904                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingLoads           521019                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingStores          218628                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsAdded                  93153879                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu0.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded              56422                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsIssued                 82934345                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued           431005                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       29124621                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     42786119                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         56398                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     30533152                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        2.716206                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       2.517830                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::0            9765915     31.98%     31.98% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::1            2893061      9.48%     41.46% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::2            3116230     10.21%     51.67% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::3            3108688     10.18%     61.85% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::4            3150913     10.32%     72.17% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::5            2776784      9.09%     81.26% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::6            3069965     10.05%     91.32% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::7            1637370      5.36%     96.68% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::8            1014226      3.32%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       30533152                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                 794474     73.05%     73.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0      0.00%     73.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%     73.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                13295      1.22%     74.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%     74.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%     74.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0      0.00%     74.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0      0.00%     74.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%     74.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0      0.00%     74.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%     74.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%     74.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%     74.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%     74.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%     74.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%     74.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%     74.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%     74.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%     74.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%     74.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%     74.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%     74.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%     74.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%     74.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%     74.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%     74.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%     74.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%     74.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%     74.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     74.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%     74.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemRead                111427     10.25%     84.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                84345      7.76%     92.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead              609      0.06%     92.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite           83399      7.67%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass           508388      0.61%      0.61% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu             62640006     75.53%     76.14% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult               52269      0.06%     76.21% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                89304      0.11%     76.31% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            1180807      1.42%     77.74% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     77.74% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     77.74% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     77.74% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     77.74% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0      0.00%     77.74% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0      0.00%     77.74% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     77.74% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     77.74% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     77.74% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     77.74% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     77.74% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     77.74% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0      0.00%     77.74% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     77.74% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     77.74% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     77.74% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     77.74% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     77.74% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     77.74% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     77.74% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     77.74% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     77.74% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     77.74% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0      0.00%     77.74% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     77.74% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     77.74% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     77.74% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead            10200921     12.30%     90.04% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite            7599293      9.16%     99.20% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead         398728      0.48%     99.68% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite        264629      0.32%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::total              82934345                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.rate                          2.716070                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_cnt                    1087549                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.013113                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_reads         193987470                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_writes        119258088                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     77442396                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            3932923                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes           3077909                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1792062                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.int_alu_accesses              81527842                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_alu_accesses                1985664                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         1274355                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      4264219                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses        10321                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         2449                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores      2557936                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           61                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            1                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu0.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu0.iew.iewSquashCycles               1086240                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu0.iew.iewBlockCycles                3315756                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewUnblockCycles                 5062                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispatchedInsts           93210301                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts            13489                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispLoadInsts             12018127                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispStoreInsts             8923904                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts             20327                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewIQFullEvents                   277                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                 4592                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          2449                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu0.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        301855                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1115350                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.branchMispredicts             1417205                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecutedInsts             80381701                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecLoadInsts             10045929                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts          2552641                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu0.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_refs                    17570626                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_branches                 8644257                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_stores                   7524697                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_rate                    2.632472                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu0.iew.wb_sent                      79837252                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu0.iew.wb_count                     79234458                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu0.iew.wb_producers                 55303264                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_consumers                 86671656                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_rate                      2.594900                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu0.iew.wb_fanout                    0.638078                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu0.commit.commitSquashedInsts       29125177                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu0.commit.commitNonSpecStalls             24                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu0.commit.branchMispredicts          1085570                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     26137144                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     2.451901                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     2.733633                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      9329200     35.69%     35.69% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      3783987     14.48%     50.17% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      2658049     10.17%     60.34% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      3593781     13.75%     74.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      1117427      4.28%     78.37% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1140658      4.36%     82.73% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       804999      3.08%     85.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       471075      1.80%     87.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      3237968     12.39%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     26137144                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committedInsts            33859234                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.commit.committedOps              64085689                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu0.commit.refs                      14119876                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu0.commit.loads                      7753909                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu0.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu0.commit.branches                   7389216                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu0.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.fp_insts                   1328277                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.int_insts                 63087925                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.function_calls              471757                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass       264528      0.41%      0.41% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu        48579970     75.80%     76.22% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntMult          40625      0.06%     76.28% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv           77322      0.12%     76.40% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd       1003368      1.57%     77.97% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     77.97% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     77.97% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     77.97% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     77.97% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     77.97% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0      0.00%     77.97% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     77.97% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     77.97% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     77.97% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     77.97% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     77.97% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     77.97% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     77.97% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0      0.00%     77.97% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     77.97% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     77.97% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     77.97% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     77.97% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     77.97% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     77.97% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     77.97% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     77.97% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     77.97% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     77.97% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     77.97% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     77.97% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     77.97% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemRead        7473197     11.66%     89.63% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite       6365967      9.93%     99.56% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead       280712      0.44%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::total         64085689                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.bw_lim_events              3237968                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu0.rob.rob_reads                   116110042                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu0.rob.rob_writes                  190903869                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu0.timesIdled                             35                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu0.idleCycles                           1536                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu0.committedInsts                   33859234                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu0.committedOps                     64085689                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu0.cpi                              0.901813                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu0.cpi_total                        0.901813                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu0.ipc                              1.108878                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu0.ipc_total                        1.108878                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_reads               116304144                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_writes               62057752                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_reads                  2532951                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_writes                 1254878                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_reads                 40107104                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_writes                21102932                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu0.misc_regfile_reads               35338978                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements             5784                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                1024                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs             419460                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs             5784                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs            72.520747                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data         1024                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            4                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           28                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          264                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          486                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          242                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         60063208                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses        60063208                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data      8639560                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        8639560                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.data      6365760                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       6365760                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu0.data     15005320                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total        15005320                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu0.data     15005320                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total       15005320                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data         5630                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         5630                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu0.data         3406                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         3406                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu0.data         9036                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total          9036                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu0.data         9036                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total         9036                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    157172000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    157172000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    561202500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    561202500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data    718374500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    718374500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data    718374500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    718374500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data      8645190                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8645190                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.data      6369166                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      6369166                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu0.data     15014356                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total     15014356                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu0.data     15014356                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total     15014356                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.000651                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000651                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.000535                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000535                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.000602                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000602                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.000602                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000602                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 27916.873890                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 27916.873890                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 164768.790370                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 164768.790370                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 79501.383355                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 79501.383355                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 79501.383355                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 79501.383355                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          124                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          124                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         4285                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total             4285                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data         3204                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         3204                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data           48                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           48                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.data         3252                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         3252                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.data         3252                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         3252                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         2426                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         2426                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         3358                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         3358                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         5784                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         5784                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         5784                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         5784                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     85548500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     85548500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    552330500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    552330500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    637879000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    637879000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    637879000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    637879000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.000281                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000281                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.000527                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000527                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.000385                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000385                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.000385                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000385                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 35263.190437                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 35263.190437                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 164481.983323                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 164481.983323                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 110283.367911                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 110283.367911                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 110283.367911                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 110283.367911                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements             1925                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse                1024                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs             311623                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs             1925                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs           161.882078                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst         1024                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            5                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           25                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          990                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses         35830713                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses        35830713                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst      8955196                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        8955196                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu0.inst      8955196                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total         8955196                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu0.inst      8955196                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total        8955196                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.inst         2001                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         2001                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::cpu0.inst         2001                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total          2001                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::cpu0.inst         2001                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total         2001                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     30271499                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     30271499                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     30271499                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     30271499                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     30271499                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     30271499                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst      8957197                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8957197                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst      8957197                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total      8957197                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst      8957197                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total      8957197                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000223                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000223                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000223                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000223                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000223                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000223                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 15128.185407                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 15128.185407                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 15128.185407                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 15128.185407                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 15128.185407                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 15128.185407                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           99                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                2                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    49.500000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::writebacks         1925                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::total             1925                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst           76                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           76                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst           76                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           76                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst           76                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           76                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst         1925                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1925                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst         1925                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1925                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst         1925                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1925                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     27853999                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     27853999                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     27853999                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     27853999                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     27853999                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     27853999                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000215                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000215                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000215                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000215                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000215                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000215                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 14469.609870                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 14469.609870                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 14469.609870                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 14469.609870                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 14469.609870                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 14469.609870                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.branchPred.lookups                      0                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.condPredicted                0                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu1.branchPred.condIncorrect                0                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBLookups                   0                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHitPct                  nan                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu1.branchPred.usedRAS                      0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu1.branchPred.RASInCorrect                 0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectLookups              0                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectHits                 0                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectMisses               0                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu1.branchPredindirectMispredicted            0                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu1.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::samples                 0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::mean                  nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::stdev                 nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::0                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::1                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::2                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::3                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::4                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::5                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::6                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::7                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::8                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::max_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::total                   0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.idleRate                        nan                       # Percent of cycles fetch was idle
system.cpu1.fetch.branchRate                      nan                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.fetch.rate                            nan                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.rename.serializeStallCycles             0                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu1.rename.serializingInsts                 0                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.tempSerializingInsts             0                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.skidInsts                        0                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedLoads                   0                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedStores                  0                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingLoads                0                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingStores               0                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean             nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev            nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::0                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::1                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::2                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::3                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::4                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::5                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::6                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::7                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::8                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::total              0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemRead                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::total                     0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.rate                               nan                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_cnt                          0                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_rate                       nan                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                  0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads               0                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads            0                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            0                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores            0                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu1.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu1.iew.iewSquashCycles                     0                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu1.iew.iewBlockCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewUnblockCycles                    0                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispatchedInsts                  0                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispStoreInsts                   0                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                 0                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewIQFullEvents                     0                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                    0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             0                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu1.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect             0                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect            0                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.branchMispredicts                   0                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecutedInsts                    0                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu1.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_refs                           0                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_branches                       0                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_stores                         0                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_rate                         nan                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu1.iew.wb_sent                             0                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu1.iew.wb_count                            0                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu1.iew.wb_producers                        0                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_consumers                        0                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_rate                           nan                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu1.iew.wb_fanout                         nan                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::0            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::1            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::2            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::3            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::4            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::5            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::6            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::7            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::8            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::total            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committedInsts                   0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.commit.committedOps                     0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu1.commit.refs                             0                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu1.commit.loads                            0                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu1.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu1.commit.branches                         0                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu1.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.fp_insts                         0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.int_insts                        0                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.function_calls                   0                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntMult              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemRead              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::total                0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.bw_lim_events                    0                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu1.rob.rob_reads                           0                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu1.rob.rob_writes                          0                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu1.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu1.committedOps                            0                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu1.cpi                                   nan                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu1.cpi_total                             nan                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu1.ipc                                   nan                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu1.ipc_total                             nan                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.replacements                      4025                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                        16384                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                        4025                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                      4025                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                             1                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks      185.883032                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst       186.419822                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data     16011.697146                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.011345                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst        0.011378                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data        0.977276                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total                   1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         16384                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           26                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          233                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         2360                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4        13762                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                    127137                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                   127137                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks         4285                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total             4285                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks         1925                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total             1925                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu0.data                 3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                     3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu0.inst           1886                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::total               1886                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu0.data          1831                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total              1831                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.inst                 1886                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.data                 1834                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                     3720                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.inst                1886                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.data                1834                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                    3720                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0.data            3355                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                3355                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu0.inst           39                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total               39                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu0.data          595                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total             595                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.inst                 39                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.data               3950                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                   3989                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.inst                39                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.data              3950                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                  3989                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    547261500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     547261500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst      5159000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total      5159000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data     62477500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total     62477500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst      5159000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data    609739000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total        614898000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst      5159000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data    609739000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total       614898000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks         4285                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         4285                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks         1925                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total         1925                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0.data          3358                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total              3358                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu0.inst         1925                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total           1925                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu0.data         2426                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total          2426                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst             1925                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.data             5784                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total                 7709                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst            1925                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.data            5784                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total                7709                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.999107                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.999107                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.020260                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total      0.020260                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.245260                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.245260                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst        0.020260                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data        0.682918                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.517447                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst       0.020260                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data       0.682918                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.517447                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 163118.181818                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 163118.181818                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 132282.051282                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total 132282.051282                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 105004.201681                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 105004.201681                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 132282.051282                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 154364.303797                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 154148.408122                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 132282.051282                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 154364.303797                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 154148.408122                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                 4025                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                      4025                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         3355                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           3355                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst           39                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data          595                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total          595                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst            39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data          3950                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total              3989                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         3950                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total             3989                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    513711500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    513711500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst      4769000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4769000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     56527500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     56527500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst      4769000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    570239000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    575008000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst      4769000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    570239000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    575008000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.999107                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999107                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.020260                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.020260                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.245260                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.245260                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.020260                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.682918                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.517447                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.020260                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.682918                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.517447                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 153118.181818                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 153118.181818                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 122282.051282                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 122282.051282                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 95004.201681                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 95004.201681                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 122282.051282                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 144364.303797                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 144148.408122                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 122282.051282                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 144364.303797                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 144148.408122                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests          8014                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests         4025                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp                634                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         4025                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq              3355                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp             3355                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq           634                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port        12003                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total        12003                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  12003                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       512896                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total       512896                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                  512896                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples              3989                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                    3989    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total                3989                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer4.occupancy            25122500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer4.utilization               0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy           21940000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests        15418                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests         7709                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests           29                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops              0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp              4351                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         8310                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean         1925                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict            1499                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq             3358                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp            3358                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq          1925                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq         2426                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side         5775                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        17352                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total                 23127                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       246400                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       644416                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total                 890816                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                            4025                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                    257600                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples            11734                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.002471                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.049654                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                  11705     99.75%     99.75% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                     29      0.25%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::5                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::6                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::7                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::8                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total              11734                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy           13919000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy           2887500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy           8676000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
