
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.015267                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 15267344125                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               519089700250                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                3956378                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                  7476331                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               51512194                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1218644                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                   296.38                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  1172603653                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                    2215858170                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.inst            128                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.data         256832                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total             256960                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu0.inst          128                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total           128                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks       209216                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total          209216                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.inst               2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.data            4013                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total                4015                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks          3269                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total               3269                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.inst              8384                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.data          16822310                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total              16830694                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu0.inst         8384                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total             8384                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks        13703497                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total             13703497                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks        13703497                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.inst             8384                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.data         16822310                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total             30534191                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                        4014                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                       3269                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                      4014                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                     3269                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM                 256896                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                       0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                  210112                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                  256896                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys               209216                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                      0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0               256                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1               257                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2               300                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3               384                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4               486                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5               431                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6               397                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7               353                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8               129                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9               128                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10              129                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11              179                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12              154                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13              159                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14              111                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15              161                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0               255                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1               257                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2               265                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3               265                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4               363                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5               304                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6               255                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7               232                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8               125                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9               112                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10              124                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11              128                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12              149                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13              159                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14              116                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15              174                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                   15264809000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                  4014                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6                 3269                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                    4004                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                      10                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                    169                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                    169                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                    183                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                    183                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                    183                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                    183                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                    183                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                    183                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                    183                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                    183                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                    183                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                    183                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                    183                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                    183                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                    183                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                    184                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                    184                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                    184                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples         4582                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    101.936272                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean    76.659495                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev   143.946488                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127         4031     87.97%     87.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255          245      5.35%     93.32% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383           93      2.03%     95.35% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511           52      1.13%     96.49% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639           33      0.72%     97.21% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767           41      0.89%     98.10% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895           26      0.57%     98.67% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           24      0.52%     99.19% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151           37      0.81%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total         4582                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples          184                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean      21.891304                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean     21.411149                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev      5.254104                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::16-17             5      2.72%      2.72% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::18-19            59     32.07%     34.78% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::20-21            66     35.87%     70.65% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::22-23            18      9.78%     80.43% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::24-25            11      5.98%     86.41% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::26-27             4      2.17%     88.59% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::28-29             4      2.17%     90.76% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::30-31             3      1.63%     92.39% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::32-33             1      0.54%     92.93% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::34-35             5      2.72%     95.65% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::36-37             4      2.17%     97.83% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::42-43             2      1.09%     98.91% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::44-45             2      1.09%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total           184                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples          184                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      17.842391                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     17.833868                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev      0.535256                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16               14      7.61%      7.61% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::17                1      0.54%      8.15% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::18              169     91.85%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total           184                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                    287567500                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat               362830000                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                   20070000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     71641.13                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                90391.13                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                        16.83                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                        13.76                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                     16.83                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                     13.70                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         0.24                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     0.13                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    0.11                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      24.57                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                       79                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                    2637                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                  1.97                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                80.67                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                    2095950.71                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    37.29                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                 23262120                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                 12364110                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy                20448960                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy               11463120                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         1275378000.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy            474108330                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy             46194240                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy      3632515380                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy      2092524480                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy        286411920                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy             7875065580                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            515.811101                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime          14106174000                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE     67368000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF     541139625                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF    690889500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN   5449373000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT     552395500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   7966178500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                  9446220                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                  5024580                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy                 8218140                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy                5674140                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         915198960.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy            332348190                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy             37753920                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy      1991747580                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy      1864951680                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy       1368838380                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy             6540750240                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            428.414411                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime          14435191750                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE     64384000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF     388532000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF   5212224250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN   4856700000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT     377749625                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   4367754250                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.branchPred.lookups               13295565                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.condPredicted         13295565                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu0.branchPred.condIncorrect          1073058                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBLookups            11190352                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHitPct             0.000000                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu0.branchPred.usedRAS                 980371                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu0.branchPred.RASInCorrect            206739                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectLookups       11190352                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectHits           3686824                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectMisses         7503528                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu0.branchPredindirectMispredicted       773909                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb.rdAccesses                   10018970                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrAccesses                    7569048                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.dtb.rdMisses                       130828                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrMisses                        41919                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrAccesses                    9027349                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrMisses                        14163                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.workload.numSyscalls                   24                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.numCycles                        30534688                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.fetch.icacheStallCycles           9743796                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu0.fetch.Insts                      59949945                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu0.fetch.Branches                   13295565                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu0.fetch.predictedBranches           4667195                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu0.fetch.Cycles                     19637602                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu0.fetch.SquashCycles                2162970                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu0.fetch.MiscStallCycles                7857                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu0.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles        63676                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu0.fetch.CacheLines                  9013186                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu0.fetch.IcacheSquashes               268410                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::samples          30534416                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::mean             3.752352                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::stdev            3.575241                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::0                12252583     40.13%     40.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::1                  870224      2.85%     42.98% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::2                 1258280      4.12%     47.10% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::3                 1434474      4.70%     51.80% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::4                 1128748      3.70%     55.49% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::5                 1125295      3.69%     59.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::6                 1045450      3.42%     62.60% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::7                  883377      2.89%     65.49% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::8                10535985     34.51%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::total            30534416                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.branchRate                 0.435425                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.fetch.rate                       1.963339                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.decode.IdleCycles                 8666813                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu0.decode.BlockedCycles              4096982                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu0.decode.RunCycles                 15747579                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu0.decode.UnblockCycles               941557                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu0.decode.SquashCycles               1081485                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu0.decode.DecodedInsts             109087361                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu0.rename.SquashCycles               1081485                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu0.rename.IdleCycles                 9429186                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu0.rename.BlockCycles                3207914                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu0.rename.serializeStallCycles         25393                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu0.rename.RunCycles                 15863734                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu0.rename.UnblockCycles               926704                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedInsts             104055553                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu0.rename.ROBFullEvents                  783                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu0.rename.IQFullEvents                 64459                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu0.rename.LQFullEvents                    95                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu0.rename.SQFullEvents                806735                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedOperands          110694664                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu0.rename.RenameLookups            262114058                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu0.rename.int_rename_lookups       156386089                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.fp_rename_lookups          3199798                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.CommittedMaps             69431441                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu0.rename.UndoneMaps                41263234                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu0.rename.serializingInsts              1190                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.tempSerializingInsts          1618                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.skidInsts                   913494                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedLoads            11894265                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedStores            8956503                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingLoads           491188                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingStores          196941                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsAdded                  93827113                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu0.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded              55861                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsIssued                 83860135                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued           451451                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       28912047                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     41992572                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         55837                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     30534416                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        2.746414                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       2.520978                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::0            9629355     31.54%     31.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::1            2855280      9.35%     40.89% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::2            3115523     10.20%     51.09% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::3            3120902     10.22%     61.31% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::4            3183997     10.43%     71.74% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::5            2810341      9.20%     80.94% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::6            3138406     10.28%     91.22% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::7            1651922      5.41%     96.63% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::8            1028690      3.37%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       30534416                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                 813016     73.22%     73.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0      0.00%     73.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%     73.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                14792      1.33%     74.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%     74.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%     74.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0      0.00%     74.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0      0.00%     74.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%     74.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0      0.00%     74.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%     74.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%     74.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%     74.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%     74.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%     74.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%     74.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%     74.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%     74.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%     74.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%     74.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%     74.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%     74.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%     74.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%     74.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%     74.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%     74.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%     74.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%     74.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%     74.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     74.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%     74.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemRead                102058      9.19%     83.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                87452      7.88%     91.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead              773      0.07%     91.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite           92326      8.31%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass           508318      0.61%      0.61% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu             63555802     75.79%     76.39% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult               74251      0.09%     76.48% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                87850      0.10%     76.59% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            1174074      1.40%     77.99% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     77.99% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     77.99% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     77.99% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     77.99% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0      0.00%     77.99% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0      0.00%     77.99% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     77.99% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     77.99% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     77.99% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     77.99% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     77.99% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     77.99% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0      0.00%     77.99% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     77.99% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     77.99% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     77.99% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     77.99% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     77.99% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     77.99% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     77.99% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     77.99% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     77.99% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     77.99% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0      0.00%     77.99% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     77.99% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     77.99% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     77.99% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead            10160344     12.12%     90.10% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite            7610002      9.07%     99.18% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead         394525      0.47%     99.65% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite        294969      0.35%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::total              83860135                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.rate                          2.746389                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_cnt                    1110417                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.013241                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_reads         195825529                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_writes        119666297                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     78358223                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            3991025                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes           3129793                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1806534                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.int_alu_accesses              82446740                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_alu_accesses                2015494                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         1265934                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      4119884                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses        11379                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         2510                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores      2581895                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          113                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu0.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu0.iew.iewSquashCycles               1081485                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu0.iew.iewBlockCycles                3263818                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewUnblockCycles                 1968                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispatchedInsts           93882974                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts            18101                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispLoadInsts             11894265                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispStoreInsts             8956503                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts             19881                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewIQFullEvents                    74                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                 2079                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          2510                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu0.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        299429                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1113596                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.branchMispredicts             1413025                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecutedInsts             81280519                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecLoadInsts             10011403                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts          2579616                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu0.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_refs                    17573236                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_branches                 8808665                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_stores                   7561833                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_rate                    2.661908                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu0.iew.wb_sent                      80753820                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu0.iew.wb_count                     80164757                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu0.iew.wb_producers                 56004400                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_consumers                 87754428                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_rate                      2.625367                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu0.iew.wb_fanout                    0.638195                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu0.commit.commitSquashedInsts       28912708                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu0.commit.commitNonSpecStalls             24                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu0.commit.branchMispredicts          1080808                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     26189856                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     2.480767                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     2.741473                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      9202884     35.14%     35.14% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      3813133     14.56%     49.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      2667280     10.18%     59.88% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      3617179     13.81%     73.69% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      1131201      4.32%     78.01% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1161739      4.44%     82.45% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       830129      3.17%     85.62% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       473064      1.81%     87.43% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      3293247     12.57%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     26189856                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committedInsts            34306244                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.commit.committedOps              64970927                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu0.commit.refs                      14148989                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu0.commit.loads                      7774381                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu0.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu0.commit.branches                   7553004                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu0.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.fp_insts                   1323261                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.int_insts                 63976912                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.function_calls              470167                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass       263538      0.41%      0.41% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu        49426602     76.07%     76.48% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntMult          55211      0.08%     76.57% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv           77007      0.12%     76.68% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd        999580      1.54%     78.22% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     78.22% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     78.22% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.22% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.22% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     78.22% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.22% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.22% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     78.22% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.22% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     78.22% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     78.22% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     78.22% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     78.22% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0      0.00%     78.22% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.22% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.22% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.22% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     78.22% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.22% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.22% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.22% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.22% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.22% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.22% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.22% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.22% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.22% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemRead        7494735     11.54%     89.76% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite       6374608      9.81%     99.57% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead       279646      0.43%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::total         64970927                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.bw_lim_events              3293247                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu0.rob.rob_reads                   116780244                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu0.rob.rob_writes                  192196866                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu0.timesIdled                             28                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu0.idleCycles                            272                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu0.committedInsts                   34306244                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu0.committedOps                     64970927                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu0.cpi                              0.890062                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu0.cpi_total                        0.890062                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu0.ipc                              1.123517                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu0.ipc_total                        1.123517                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_reads               117621216                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_writes               62797735                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_reads                  2543635                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_writes                 1250598                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_reads                 41031535                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_writes                21481114                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu0.misc_regfile_reads               35689532                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements             4747                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                1024                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs             863420                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs             4747                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs           181.887508                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data         1024                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            4                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           29                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          241                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          514                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          236                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         60004475                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses        60004475                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data      8618761                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        8618761                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.data      6374399                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       6374399                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu0.data     14993160                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total        14993160                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu0.data     14993160                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total       14993160                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data         3349                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         3349                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu0.data         3423                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         3423                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu0.data         6772                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total          6772                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu0.data         6772                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total         6772                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    182649500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    182649500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    489266500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    489266500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data    671916000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    671916000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data    671916000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    671916000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data      8622110                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8622110                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.data      6377822                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      6377822                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu0.data     14999932                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total     14999932                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu0.data     14999932                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total     14999932                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.000388                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000388                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.000537                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000537                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.000451                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000451                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.000451                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000451                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 54538.518961                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 54538.518961                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 142934.998539                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 142934.998539                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 99219.728293                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 99219.728293                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 99219.728293                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 99219.728293                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         3582                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total             3582                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data         2014                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         2014                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.data         2026                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         2026                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.data         2026                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         2026                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         1335                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1335                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         3411                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         3411                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         4746                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         4746                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         4746                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         4746                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     98587000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     98587000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    484757000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    484757000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    583344000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    583344000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    583344000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    583344000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.000155                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000155                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.000535                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000535                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.000316                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000316                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.000316                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000316                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 73847.940075                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 73847.940075                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 142115.801818                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 142115.801818                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 122912.768647                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 122912.768647                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 122912.768647                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 122912.768647                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements              896                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse                1022                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs             199988                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs              896                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs           223.200893                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst         1022                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.998047                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.998047                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1022                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           13                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         1005                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.998047                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses         36053640                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses        36053640                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst      9012268                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        9012268                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu0.inst      9012268                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total         9012268                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu0.inst      9012268                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total        9012268                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.inst          918                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          918                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::cpu0.inst          918                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total           918                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::cpu0.inst          918                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total          918                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     11954000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     11954000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     11954000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     11954000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     11954000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     11954000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst      9013186                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      9013186                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst      9013186                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total      9013186                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst      9013186                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total      9013186                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000102                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000102                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000102                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000102                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000102                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000102                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 13021.786492                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 13021.786492                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 13021.786492                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 13021.786492                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 13021.786492                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 13021.786492                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::writebacks          896                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::total              896                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst           22                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           22                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst           22                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           22                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst           22                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           22                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          896                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          896                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          896                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          896                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          896                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          896                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     10913500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     10913500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     10913500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     10913500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     10913500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     10913500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000099                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000099                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000099                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000099                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000099                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000099                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 12180.245536                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12180.245536                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 12180.245536                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12180.245536                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 12180.245536                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12180.245536                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.branchPred.lookups                      0                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.condPredicted                0                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu1.branchPred.condIncorrect                0                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBLookups                   0                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHitPct                  nan                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu1.branchPred.usedRAS                      0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu1.branchPred.RASInCorrect                 0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectLookups              0                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectHits                 0                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectMisses               0                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu1.branchPredindirectMispredicted            0                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu1.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::samples                 0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::mean                  nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::stdev                 nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::0                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::1                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::2                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::3                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::4                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::5                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::6                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::7                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::8                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::max_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::total                   0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.idleRate                        nan                       # Percent of cycles fetch was idle
system.cpu1.fetch.branchRate                      nan                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.fetch.rate                            nan                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.rename.serializeStallCycles             0                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu1.rename.serializingInsts                 0                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.tempSerializingInsts             0                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.skidInsts                        0                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedLoads                   0                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedStores                  0                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingLoads                0                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingStores               0                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean             nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev            nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::0                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::1                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::2                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::3                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::4                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::5                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::6                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::7                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::8                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::total              0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemRead                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::total                     0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.rate                               nan                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_cnt                          0                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_rate                       nan                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                  0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads               0                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads            0                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            0                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores            0                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu1.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu1.iew.iewSquashCycles                     0                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu1.iew.iewBlockCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewUnblockCycles                    0                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispatchedInsts                  0                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispStoreInsts                   0                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                 0                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewIQFullEvents                     0                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                    0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             0                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu1.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect             0                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect            0                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.branchMispredicts                   0                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecutedInsts                    0                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu1.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_refs                           0                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_branches                       0                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_stores                         0                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_rate                         nan                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu1.iew.wb_sent                             0                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu1.iew.wb_count                            0                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu1.iew.wb_producers                        0                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_consumers                        0                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_rate                           nan                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu1.iew.wb_fanout                         nan                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::0            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::1            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::2            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::3            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::4            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::5            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::6            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::7            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::8            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::total            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committedInsts                   0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.commit.committedOps                     0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu1.commit.refs                             0                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu1.commit.loads                            0                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu1.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu1.commit.branches                         0                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu1.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.fp_insts                         0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.int_insts                        0                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.function_calls                   0                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntMult              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemRead              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::total                0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.bw_lim_events                    0                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu1.rob.rob_reads                           0                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu1.rob.rob_writes                          0                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu1.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu1.committedOps                            0                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu1.cpi                                   nan                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu1.cpi_total                             nan                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu1.ipc                                   nan                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu1.ipc_total                             nan                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.replacements                      4018                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                        16384                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                        5181                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                      4018                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      1.289447                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks       46.335389                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst        24.171095                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data     16313.493516                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.002828                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst        0.001475                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data        0.995697                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total                   1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         16384                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            4                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           23                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          227                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         2312                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4        13818                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                     94266                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                    94266                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks         3582                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total             3582                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks          896                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total              896                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu0.data                 4                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                     4                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu0.inst            894                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::total                894                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu0.data           730                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total               730                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.inst                  894                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.data                  734                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                     1628                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.inst                 894                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.data                 734                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                    1628                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0.data            3407                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                3407                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu0.inst            2                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total                2                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu0.data          605                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total             605                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.inst                  2                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.data               4012                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                   4014                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.inst                 2                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.data              4012                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                  4014                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    479596000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     479596000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       180000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total       180000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data     88888500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total     88888500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       180000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data    568484500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total        568664500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       180000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data    568484500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total       568664500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks         3582                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         3582                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks          896                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total          896                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0.data          3411                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total              3411                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu0.inst          896                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total            896                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu0.data         1335                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total          1335                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst              896                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.data             4746                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total                 5642                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst             896                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.data            4746                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total                5642                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.998827                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.998827                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.002232                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total      0.002232                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.453184                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.453184                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst        0.002232                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data        0.845343                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.711450                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst       0.002232                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data       0.845343                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.711450                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 140767.830936                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 140767.830936                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        90000                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total        90000                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 146923.140496                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 146923.140496                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        90000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 141696.036889                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 141670.279023                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        90000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 141696.036889                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 141670.279023                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                 3269                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                      3269                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::writebacks           20                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::total            20                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         3407                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           3407                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst            2                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total            2                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data          605                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total          605                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst             2                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data          4012                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total              4014                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst            2                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         4012                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total             4014                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    445516000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    445516000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       160000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       160000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     82838500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     82838500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       160000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    528354500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    528514500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       160000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    528354500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    528514500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::writebacks          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.998827                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.998827                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.002232                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002232                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.453184                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.453184                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.002232                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.845343                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.711450                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.002232                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.845343                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.711450                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 130764.895803                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 130764.895803                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        80000                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        80000                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 136923.140496                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 136923.140496                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        80000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 131693.544367                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 131667.787743                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        80000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 131693.544367                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 131667.787743                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests          8030                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests         4016                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp                607                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         3269                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict              747                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq              3407                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp             3408                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq           607                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port        12045                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total        12045                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  12045                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       466176                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total       466176                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                  466176                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples              4014                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                    4014    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total                4014                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer4.occupancy            22120500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer4.utilization               0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy           22095250                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests        11285                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests         5643                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            4                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops             22                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops           22                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp              2231                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         6851                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean          896                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict            1914                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq             3411                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp            3412                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq           896                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq         1335                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side         2688                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        14240                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total                 16928                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       114688                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       533056                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total                 647744                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                            4018                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                    209216                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples             9660                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.002692                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.051813                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                   9634     99.73%     99.73% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                     26      0.27%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::5                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::6                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::7                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::8                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total               9660                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy           10120500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy           1344499                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy           7120500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
