
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.015267                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 15267344125                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               10717675575750                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                               68011848                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                127185426                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              165800525                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1248940                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                    92.08                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  6262705715                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   11711563086                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.inst          19136                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.data       10049536                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total           10068672                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu0.inst        19136                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total         19136                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks      9962752                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total         9962752                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.inst             299                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.data          157024                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total              157323                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks        155668                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total             155668                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.inst           1253394                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.data         658237341                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total             659490735                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu0.inst      1253394                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total          1253394                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks       652553052                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total            652553052                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks       652553052                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.inst          1253394                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.data        658237341                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total           1312043787                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                      157322                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                     155668                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                    157322                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                   155668                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM               10068608                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                       0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                 9962944                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                10068608                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys              9962752                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                      0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0              9462                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1              9846                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2             10103                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3              9643                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4              9459                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5              9870                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6             10060                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7             10148                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8             10210                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9             10162                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10            10022                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11            10005                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12             9703                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13             9512                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14             9635                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15             9482                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0              9383                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1              9822                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2              9867                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3              9546                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4              9328                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5              9852                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6              9942                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7              9843                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8             10048                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9             10128                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10             9967                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11             9984                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12             9565                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13             9461                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14             9538                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15             9397                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                   15267316000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                157322                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6               155668                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                  156405                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                     583                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                     235                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                      91                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       8                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                     24                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                     26                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                   9647                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                   9682                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                   9703                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                   9719                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                   9728                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                   9731                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                   9732                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                   9731                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                   9737                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                   9739                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                   9755                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                   9736                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                   9742                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                   9760                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                   9735                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                   9730                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      7                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples        26993                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    742.082762                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   579.108787                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev   359.296351                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127         2093      7.75%      7.75% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255         2079      7.70%     15.46% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383         2019      7.48%     22.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511         1321      4.89%     27.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639         1155      4.28%     32.11% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767         1473      5.46%     37.57% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895         1285      4.76%     42.33% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023         1486      5.51%     47.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151        14082     52.17%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total        26993                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples         9723                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean      16.180706                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean     16.123555                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev      1.758440                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::4-7               8      0.08%      0.08% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::8-11             31      0.32%      0.40% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::12-15            81      0.83%      1.23% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::16-19          9433     97.02%     98.25% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::20-23           114      1.17%     99.42% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::24-27            29      0.30%     99.72% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::28-31             9      0.09%     99.81% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::32-35             5      0.05%     99.87% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::36-39             5      0.05%     99.92% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::40-43             3      0.03%     99.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::48-51             1      0.01%     99.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::56-59             1      0.01%     99.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::72-75             1      0.01%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::76-79             2      0.02%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total          9723                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples         9723                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      16.010593                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     16.009583                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev      0.194003                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16             9688     99.64%     99.64% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::17                5      0.05%     99.69% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::18               10      0.10%     99.79% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::19                8      0.08%     99.88% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::20                8      0.08%     99.96% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::21                2      0.02%     99.98% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::22                2      0.02%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total          9723                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                   2879875750                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat              5829663250                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                  786610000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     18305.61                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                37055.61                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                       659.49                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                       652.57                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                    659.49                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                    652.55                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                        10.25                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     5.15                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    5.10                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.01                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      26.15                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                   143823                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                  142176                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 91.42                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                91.33                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                      48778.93                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    91.38                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                 96504240                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                 51293220                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy               561139740                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy              404983260                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         739411920.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy           1485689040                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy             62580960                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy      2073925620                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy       298037280                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy       1612787340                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy             7386501120                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            483.810482                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime          11782435875                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE     43451000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF     313296000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF   6521733000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    776107125                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT    3064898000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   4547859000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                 96232920                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                 51145215                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy               562146480                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy              407619360                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         748016880.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy           1507369560                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy             65402880                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy      2071075620                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy       319249920                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy       1588407180                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy             7416666015                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            485.786261                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime          11791392500                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE     44118750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF     316954000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF   6418179500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    831409500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT    3114871875                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   4541810500                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.branchPred.lookups                1245303                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.condPredicted          1245303                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu0.branchPred.condIncorrect             6091                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBLookups             1237910                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHitPct             0.000000                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu0.branchPred.usedRAS                   3413                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu0.branchPred.RASInCorrect               732                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectLookups        1237910                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectHits           1204518                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectMisses           33392                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu0.branchPredindirectMispredicted         4320                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb.rdAccesses                     345767                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrAccesses                    1232265                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.dtb.rdMisses                          696                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrMisses                         2668                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrAccesses                      47317                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrMisses                          198                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.workload.numSyscalls                   50                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.numCycles                        30534688                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.fetch.icacheStallCycles             67288                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu0.fetch.Insts                       5466363                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu0.fetch.Branches                    1245303                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu0.fetch.predictedBranches           1207931                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu0.fetch.Cycles                     30433562                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu0.fetch.SquashCycles                  12674                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu0.fetch.TlbCycles                         3                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
system.cpu0.fetch.MiscStallCycles                 124                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu0.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles          755                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu0.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           16                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.cpu0.fetch.CacheLines                    47188                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu0.fetch.IcacheSquashes                 1703                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::samples          30508085                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::mean             0.361421                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::stdev            1.611809                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::0                28902274     94.74%     94.74% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::1                   39410      0.13%     94.87% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::2                   41594      0.14%     95.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::3                  224269      0.74%     95.74% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::4                   26409      0.09%     95.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::5                    8616      0.03%     95.85% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::6                    8582      0.03%     95.88% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::7                   24785      0.08%     95.96% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::8                 1232146      4.04%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::total            30508085                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.branchRate                 0.040783                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.fetch.rate                       0.179021                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.decode.IdleCycles                  380358                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu0.decode.BlockedCycles             28738897                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu0.decode.RunCycles                   634090                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu0.decode.UnblockCycles               748403                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu0.decode.SquashCycles                  6337                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu0.decode.DecodedInsts              10966924                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu0.rename.SquashCycles                  6337                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu0.rename.IdleCycles                  657394                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu0.rename.BlockCycles                 220101                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu0.rename.serializeStallCycles         11462                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu0.rename.RunCycles                  1104409                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu0.rename.UnblockCycles             28508382                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedInsts              10936147                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu0.rename.ROBFullEvents                 1138                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu0.rename.IQFullEvents                 17295                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu0.rename.LQFullEvents                  4821                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu0.rename.SQFullEvents              28214688                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedOperands           13950738                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu0.rename.RenameLookups             23107951                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu0.rename.int_rename_lookups        12562297                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.fp_rename_lookups           302268                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.CommittedMaps             13706306                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu0.rename.UndoneMaps                  244432                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu0.rename.serializingInsts               126                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.tempSerializingInsts           133                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.skidInsts                  4768114                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedLoads              355485                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedStores            1239525                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingLoads            20669                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingStores           18076                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsAdded                  10879765                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu0.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded                711                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsIssued                 10823202                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued             1818                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined         157616                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       229684                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           601                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     30508085                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        0.354765                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       1.222652                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::0           27559157     90.33%     90.33% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::1             470285      1.54%     91.88% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::2             523708      1.72%     93.59% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::3             348986      1.14%     94.74% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::4             296529      0.97%     95.71% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::5            1000155      3.28%     98.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::6             117657      0.39%     99.37% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::7             167154      0.55%     99.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::8              24454      0.08%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       30508085                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                  72380     94.36%     94.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0      0.00%     94.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%     94.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                  468      0.61%     94.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%     94.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%     94.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0      0.00%     94.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0      0.00%     94.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%     94.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0      0.00%     94.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%     94.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%     94.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%     94.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%     94.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%     94.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%     94.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%     94.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%     94.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%     94.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%     94.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%     94.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%     94.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%     94.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%     94.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%     94.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%     94.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%     94.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%     94.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%     94.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     94.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%     94.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemRead                   692      0.90%     95.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                  189      0.25%     96.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead             2799      3.65%     99.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite             180      0.23%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass             4114      0.04%      0.04% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu              9155336     84.59%     84.63% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                  82      0.00%     84.63% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                  264      0.00%     84.63% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd              81470      0.75%     85.38% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     85.38% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     85.38% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     85.38% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     85.38% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0      0.00%     85.38% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0      0.00%     85.38% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     85.38% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     85.38% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     85.38% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     85.38% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     85.38% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     85.38% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0      0.00%     85.38% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     85.38% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     85.38% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     85.38% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     85.38% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     85.38% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     85.38% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     85.38% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     85.38% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     85.38% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     85.38% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0      0.00%     85.38% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     85.38% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.38% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     85.38% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead              301933      2.79%     88.17% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite            1195425     11.05%     99.22% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead          46405      0.43%     99.65% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite         38173      0.35%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::total              10823202                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.rate                          0.354456                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_cnt                      76708                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.007087                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_reads          51861863                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_writes         10834121                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     10619881                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads             371152                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            204142                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses       181814                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.int_alu_accesses              10708541                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_alu_accesses                 187255                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads            2079                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        22103                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           57                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          181                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        11883                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           27                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked          491                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu0.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu0.iew.iewSquashCycles                  6337                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu0.iew.iewBlockCycles                  50001                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewUnblockCycles               131535                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispatchedInsts           10880476                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts              794                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispLoadInsts               355485                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispStoreInsts             1239525                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts               311                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewIQFullEvents                   364                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.iewLSQFullEvents               131011                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           181                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu0.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect          1691                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         6004                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.branchMispredicts                7695                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecutedInsts             10808818                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecLoadInsts               345611                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts            14384                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu0.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_refs                     1577859                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_branches                 1220871                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_stores                   1232248                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_rate                    0.353985                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu0.iew.wb_sent                      10804718                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu0.iew.wb_count                     10801695                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu0.iew.wb_producers                  7878217                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_consumers                 11011831                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_rate                      0.353752                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu0.iew.wb_fanout                    0.715432                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu0.commit.commitSquashedInsts         157799                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu0.commit.commitNonSpecStalls            110                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu0.commit.branchMispredicts             6205                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     30482850                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.351767                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.248017                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     27624269     90.62%     90.62% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       337400      1.11%     91.73% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       324701      1.07%     92.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      1083016      3.55%     96.35% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        65760      0.22%     96.56% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       663731      2.18%     98.74% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        72204      0.24%     98.98% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        22061      0.07%     99.05% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       289708      0.95%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     30482850                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committedInsts             5295852                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.commit.committedOps              10722860                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu0.commit.refs                       1561024                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu0.commit.loads                       333382                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu0.commit.membars                         40                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu0.commit.branches                   1214624                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu0.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.fp_insts                    178394                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.int_insts                 10627334                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.function_calls                1044                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass         2234      0.02%      0.02% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu         9079710     84.68%     84.70% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntMult             66      0.00%     84.70% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv             220      0.00%     84.70% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd         79606      0.74%     85.44% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     85.44% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     85.44% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.44% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.44% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     85.44% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0      0.00%     85.44% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.44% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     85.44% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.44% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     85.44% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     85.44% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     85.44% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     85.44% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0      0.00%     85.44% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.44% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.44% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.44% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     85.44% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.44% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.44% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.44% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.44% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.44% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     85.44% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.44% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.44% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.44% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemRead         289190      2.70%     88.14% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite       1189964     11.10%     99.24% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead        44192      0.41%     99.65% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite        37678      0.35%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::total         10722860                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.bw_lim_events               289708                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu0.rob.rob_reads                    41073801                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu0.rob.rob_writes                   21787014                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu0.timesIdled                            237                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu0.idleCycles                          26603                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu0.committedInsts                    5295852                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu0.committedOps                     10722860                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu0.cpi                              5.765774                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu0.cpi_total                        5.765774                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu0.ipc                              0.173437                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu0.ipc_total                        0.173437                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_reads                12357491                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_writes                8204354                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_reads                   281276                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_writes                  142999                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_reads                  6090757                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_writes                 5449780                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu0.misc_regfile_reads                4026210                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements           157074                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                1024                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs            1410972                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           157074                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs             8.982849                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data         1024                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          107                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          917                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses          6438350                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses         6438350                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data       339107                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         339107                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.data      1071862                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       1071862                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu0.data      1410969                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total         1410969                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu0.data      1410969                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total        1410969                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data         3560                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         3560                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu0.data       155790                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       155790                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu0.data       159350                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total        159350                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu0.data       159350                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total       159350                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    322655000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    322655000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  14040303499                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  14040303499                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  14362958499                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  14362958499                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  14362958499                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  14362958499                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data       342667                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       342667                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.data      1227652                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      1227652                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu0.data      1570319                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1570319                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu0.data      1570319                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1570319                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.010389                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010389                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.126901                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.126901                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.101476                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.101476                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.101476                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.101476                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 90633.426966                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 90633.426966                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 90123.265287                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 90123.265287                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 90134.662686                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 90134.662686                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 90134.662686                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 90134.662686                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs        12073                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets         1263                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs              153                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              2                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    78.908497                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets   631.500000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       156130                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total           156130                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data         2267                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         2267                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data            7                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.data         2274                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         2274                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.data         2274                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         2274                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         1293                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1293                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       155783                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       155783                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       157076                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       157076                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       157076                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       157076                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    134227500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    134227500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  13883956999                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  13883956999                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  14018184499                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  14018184499                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  14018184499                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  14018184499                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.003773                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003773                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.126895                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.126895                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.100028                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.100028                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.100028                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.100028                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 103810.904872                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 103810.904872                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 89123.697701                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 89123.697701                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 89244.598150                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 89244.598150                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 89244.598150                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 89244.598150                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements              555                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse         1020.999588                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs              10718                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs              555                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs            19.311712                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst  1020.999588                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.997070                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.997070                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1021                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          193                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          828                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.997070                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses           189309                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses          189309                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst        46505                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total          46505                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu0.inst        46505                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total           46505                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu0.inst        46505                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total          46505                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.inst          683                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          683                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::cpu0.inst          683                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total           683                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::cpu0.inst          683                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total          683                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     53321999                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     53321999                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     53321999                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     53321999                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     53321999                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     53321999                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst        47188                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total        47188                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst        47188                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total        47188                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst        47188                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total        47188                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.014474                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.014474                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.014474                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.014474                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.014474                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.014474                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 78070.276720                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 78070.276720                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 78070.276720                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 78070.276720                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 78070.276720                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 78070.276720                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           28                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                3                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs     9.333333                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::writebacks          555                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::total              555                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst          126                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          126                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst          126                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total          126                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst          126                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total          126                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          557                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          557                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          557                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          557                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          557                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          557                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     38318000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     38318000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     38318000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     38318000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     38318000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     38318000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.011804                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.011804                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.011804                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.011804                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.011804                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.011804                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 68793.536804                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 68793.536804                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 68793.536804                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 68793.536804                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 68793.536804                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 68793.536804                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.branchPred.lookups                      0                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.condPredicted                0                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu1.branchPred.condIncorrect                0                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBLookups                   0                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHitPct                  nan                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu1.branchPred.usedRAS                      0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu1.branchPred.RASInCorrect                 0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectLookups              0                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectHits                 0                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectMisses               0                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu1.branchPredindirectMispredicted            0                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu1.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::samples                 0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::mean                  nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::stdev                 nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::0                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::1                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::2                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::3                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::4                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::5                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::6                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::7                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::8                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::max_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::total                   0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.idleRate                        nan                       # Percent of cycles fetch was idle
system.cpu1.fetch.branchRate                      nan                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.fetch.rate                            nan                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.rename.serializeStallCycles             0                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu1.rename.serializingInsts                 0                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.tempSerializingInsts             0                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.skidInsts                        0                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedLoads                   0                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedStores                  0                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingLoads                0                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingStores               0                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean             nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev            nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::0                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::1                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::2                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::3                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::4                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::5                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::6                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::7                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::8                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::total              0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemRead                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::total                     0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.rate                               nan                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_cnt                          0                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_rate                       nan                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                  0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads               0                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads            0                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            0                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores            0                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu1.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu1.iew.iewSquashCycles                     0                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu1.iew.iewBlockCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewUnblockCycles                    0                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispatchedInsts                  0                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispStoreInsts                   0                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                 0                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewIQFullEvents                     0                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                    0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             0                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu1.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect             0                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect            0                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.branchMispredicts                   0                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecutedInsts                    0                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu1.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_refs                           0                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_branches                       0                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_stores                         0                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_rate                         nan                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu1.iew.wb_sent                             0                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu1.iew.wb_count                            0                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu1.iew.wb_producers                        0                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_consumers                        0                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_rate                           nan                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu1.iew.wb_fanout                         nan                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::0            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::1            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::2            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::3            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::4            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::5            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::6            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::7            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::8            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::total            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committedInsts                   0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.commit.committedOps                     0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu1.commit.refs                             0                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu1.commit.loads                            0                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu1.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu1.commit.branches                         0                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu1.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.fp_insts                         0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.int_insts                        0                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.function_calls                   0                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntMult              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemRead              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::total                0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.bw_lim_events                    0                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu1.rob.rob_reads                           0                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu1.rob.rob_writes                          0                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu1.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu1.committedOps                            0                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu1.cpi                                   nan                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu1.cpi_total                             nan                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu1.ipc                                   nan                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu1.ipc_total                             nan                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.replacements                    157804                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                        16384                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                      157386                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                    157804                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      0.997351                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks       45.853148                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst        28.653601                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data     16309.493251                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.002799                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst        0.001749                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data        0.995452                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total                   1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         16384                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          107                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          955                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         9564                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         5758                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                   2679684                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                  2679684                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks       156130                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total           156130                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks          555                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total              555                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu0.data                2                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total                    2                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu0.data                15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                    15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu0.inst            256                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::total                256                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu0.data            36                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total                36                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.inst                  256                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.data                   51                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                      307                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.inst                 256                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.data                  51                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                     307                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0.data          155766                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total              155766                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu0.inst          299                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total              299                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu0.data         1257                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total            1257                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.inst                299                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.data             157023                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                 157322                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.inst               299                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.data            157023                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                157322                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  13650080500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total   13650080500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     34778500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total     34778500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    131837000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total    131837000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     34778500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  13781917500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total      13816696000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     34778500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  13781917500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total     13816696000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks       156130                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       156130                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks          555                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total          555                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu0.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total                2                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0.data        155781                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total            155781                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu0.inst          555                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total            555                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu0.data         1293                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total          1293                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst              555                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.data           157074                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total               157629                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst             555                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.data          157074                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total              157629                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.999904                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.999904                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.538739                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total      0.538739                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.972158                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.972158                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst        0.538739                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data        0.999675                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.998052                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst       0.538739                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data       0.999675                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.998052                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 87631.963972                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 87631.963972                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 116316.053512                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total 116316.053512                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 104882.259348                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 104882.259348                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 116316.053512                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 87770.055979                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 87824.309378                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 116316.053512                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 87770.055979                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 87824.309378                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks               155668                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                    155668                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       155766                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total         155766                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          299                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total          299                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         1257                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total         1257                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst           299                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        157023                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total            157322                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          299                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       157023                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total           157322                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  12092420500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  12092420500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     31788500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     31788500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    119267000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    119267000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     31788500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  12211687500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  12243476000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     31788500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  12211687500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  12243476000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.999904                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999904                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.538739                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.538739                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.972158                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.972158                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.538739                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.999675                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.998052                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.538739                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.999675                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.998052                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 77631.963972                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77631.963972                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 106316.053512                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 106316.053512                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 94882.259348                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 94882.259348                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 106316.053512                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 77770.055979                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77824.309378                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 106316.053512                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 77770.055979                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77824.309378                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests        314533                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       157226                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp               1556                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       155668                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict             1543                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq            155766                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp           155766                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq          1556                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       471855                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total       471855                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 471855                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     20031360                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total     20031360                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                20031360                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples            157322                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                  157322    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total              157322                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer4.occupancy           937704500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer4.utilization               6.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy          827461000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              5.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests       315262                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       157629                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests          103                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops            700                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops          700                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp              1850                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       311798                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean          555                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict            3080                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq               2                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp              2                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq           155781                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp          155781                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq           557                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq         1293                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side         1667                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       471226                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total                472893                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        71040                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     20045056                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total               20116096                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                          157806                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                   9962880                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples           315437                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.002546                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.050390                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                 314634     99.75%     99.75% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                    803      0.25%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::5                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::6                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::7                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::8                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total             315437                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy          314316000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              2.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy            835500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy         235612998                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             1.5                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
