
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.015267                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 15267344125                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               10931418393500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                              113939438                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                213352238                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              273631929                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1248940                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                    55.80                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  6357270129                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   11904025946                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.inst            256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.data       19790848                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total           19791104                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu0.inst          256                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total           256                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks     18683776                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total        18683776                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.inst               4                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.data          309232                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total              309236                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks        291934                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total             291934                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.inst             16768                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.data        1296286233                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total            1296303001                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu0.inst        16768                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total            16768                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks      1223773817                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total           1223773817                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks      1223773817                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.inst            16768                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.data       1296286233                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total           2520076818                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                      309239                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                     291934                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                    309239                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                   291934                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM               19791232                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                       0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                18684032                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                19791296                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys             18683776                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                      0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0             18893                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1             19347                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2             19322                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3             19283                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4             19523                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5             19557                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6             19628                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7             19643                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8             19106                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9             19190                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10            18892                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11            19461                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12            19512                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13            19213                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14            19204                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15            19464                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0             17857                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1             18272                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2             18246                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3             18234                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4             18403                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5             18473                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6             18526                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7             18570                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8             18040                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9             18132                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10            17859                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11            18314                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12            18397                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13            18168                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14            18111                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15            18336                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                   15267274500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                309239                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6               291934                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                  149942                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                   82962                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                   48673                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                   27659                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                      6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                     15                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                   7320                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                  12666                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                  16254                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                  18414                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                  18618                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                  18901                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                  18968                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                  19101                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                  19206                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                  19295                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                  20308                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                  19550                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                  21313                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                  24032                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                  19060                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                  18704                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                    112                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                     43                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                     25                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                     15                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      7                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples       222316                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    173.063351                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   105.443885                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev   239.204594                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127       150066     67.50%     67.50% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255        30615     13.77%     81.27% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383        13997      6.30%     87.57% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511         6562      2.95%     90.52% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639         4812      2.16%     92.68% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767         3212      1.44%     94.13% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895         1160      0.52%     94.65% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023         1637      0.74%     95.39% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151        10255      4.61%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total       222316                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples        18238                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean      16.955916                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean     16.863873                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev      1.811973                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::10                1      0.01%      0.01% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::11                3      0.02%      0.02% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::12                4      0.02%      0.04% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::13              128      0.70%      0.75% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::14              505      2.77%      3.51% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::15             2530     13.87%     17.39% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::16             5921     32.47%     49.85% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::17             3607     19.78%     69.63% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::18             2114     11.59%     81.22% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::19             1595      8.75%     89.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::20              972      5.33%     95.30% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::21              487      2.67%     97.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::22              220      1.21%     99.17% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::23               99      0.54%     99.71% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::24               38      0.21%     99.92% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::25                9      0.05%     99.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::26                3      0.02%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::28                2      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total         18238                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples        18238                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      16.007128                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     16.006669                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev      0.127631                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16            18168     99.62%     99.62% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::17               30      0.16%     99.78% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::18               24      0.13%     99.91% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::19               12      0.07%     99.98% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::20                4      0.02%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total         18238                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                  10741148750                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat             16539361250                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                 1546190000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     34734.13                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    4999.98                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                53484.07                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                      1296.31                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                      1223.79                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                   1296.32                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                   1223.77                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                        19.69                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                    10.13                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    9.56                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       2.09                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      26.86                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                   251588                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                  127266                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 81.36                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                43.59                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                      25395.81                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    63.02                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                794060820                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                422030565                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy              1108078020                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy              765152820                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         979736160.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy           3301569960                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy             51379200                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy      1857602640                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy       227244960                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy        803384880                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy            10310240025                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            675.313266                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime           7894015750                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE     27274250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF     414752000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF   3227785000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    591721250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT    6931302125                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   4074509500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                793318260                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                421647270                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy              1099859880                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy              758763540                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         979736160.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy           3284072100                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy             51779040                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy      1848580110                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy       238631520                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy        811633200                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy            10288021080                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            673.857941                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime           7931332375                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE     29007500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF     414770000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF   3255251000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    621385875                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT    6892234250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   4054695500                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.branchPred.lookups                1051660                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.condPredicted          1051660                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu0.branchPred.condIncorrect              271                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBLookups              940503                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHitPct             0.000000                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu0.branchPred.usedRAS                     38                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu0.branchPred.RASInCorrect                 0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectLookups         940503                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectHits            423014                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectMisses          517489                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu0.branchPredindirectMispredicted          120                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb.rdAccesses                    1782281                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrAccesses                    1013181                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.dtb.rdMisses                        45879                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrMisses                           44                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrAccesses                     678251                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.workload.numSyscalls                    0                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.numCycles                        30534689                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.fetch.icacheStallCycles            678538                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu0.fetch.Insts                       4926374                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu0.fetch.Branches                    1051660                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu0.fetch.predictedBranches            423052                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu0.fetch.Cycles                     29855334                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu0.fetch.SquashCycles                    582                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu0.fetch.PendingQuiesceStallCycles            3                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending quiesce instructions
system.cpu0.fetch.CacheLines                   678251                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu0.fetch.IcacheSquashes                   91                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::samples          30534166                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::mean             0.288235                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::stdev            1.353836                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::0                28978089     94.90%     94.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::1                   49185      0.16%     95.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::2                  164721      0.54%     95.60% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::3                   91040      0.30%     95.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::4                  353066      1.16%     97.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::5                   47851      0.16%     97.22% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::6                  137376      0.45%     97.67% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::7                   29197      0.10%     97.76% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::8                  683641      2.24%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::total            30534166                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.branchRate                 0.034441                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.fetch.rate                       0.161337                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.decode.IdleCycles                  260743                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu0.decode.BlockedCycles             29156967                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu0.decode.RunCycles                   474744                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu0.decode.UnblockCycles               641421                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu0.decode.SquashCycles                   291                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu0.decode.DecodedInsts               8795704                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu0.rename.SquashCycles                   291                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu0.rename.IdleCycles                  510698                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu0.rename.BlockCycles               24729736                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu0.rename.serializeStallCycles           572                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu0.rename.RunCycles                   787486                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu0.rename.UnblockCycles              4505383                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedInsts               8794189                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu0.rename.ROBFullEvents                  324                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu0.rename.IQFullEvents               2123129                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu0.rename.LQFullEvents               3024463                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu0.rename.SQFullEvents                    15                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedOperands           10004926                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu0.rename.RenameLookups             23852391                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu0.rename.int_rename_lookups        13515911                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.CommittedMaps              9982833                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu0.rename.UndoneMaps                   22031                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu0.rename.serializingInsts                 1                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.tempSerializingInsts             1                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.skidInsts                  3949840                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedLoads             1465037                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedStores            1014094                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingLoads           252395                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingStores           27584                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsAdded                   8791893                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu0.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded                 27                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsIssued                  9104637                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued               63                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined          17331                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined        25773                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved            24                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     30534166                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        0.298179                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       1.085212                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::0           27378471     89.67%     89.67% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::1            1124657      3.68%     93.35% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::2             602083      1.97%     95.32% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::3             353941      1.16%     96.48% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::4             314340      1.03%     97.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::5             408456      1.34%     98.85% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::6             112046      0.37%     99.21% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::7             179301      0.59%     99.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::8              60871      0.20%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       30534166                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                   2888      0.93%      0.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0      0.00%      0.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%      0.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0      0.00%      0.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%      0.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%      0.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0      0.00%      0.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0      0.00%      0.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%      0.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0      0.00%      0.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%      0.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%      0.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%      0.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%      0.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%      0.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%      0.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%      0.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%      0.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%      0.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%      0.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%      0.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%      0.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%      0.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%      0.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%      0.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%      0.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%      0.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%      0.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%      0.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%      0.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%      0.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemRead                111889     35.96%     36.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemWrite               196361     63.11%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass              106      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu              6308822     69.29%     69.29% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                   0      0.00%     69.29% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0      0.00%     69.29% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0      0.00%     69.29% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     69.29% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     69.29% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     69.29% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     69.29% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0      0.00%     69.29% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0      0.00%     69.29% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     69.29% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     69.29% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     69.29% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     69.29% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     69.29% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     69.29% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0      0.00%     69.29% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     69.29% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     69.29% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     69.29% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     69.29% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     69.29% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     69.29% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     69.29% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     69.29% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     69.29% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     69.29% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0      0.00%     69.29% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     69.29% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     69.29% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     69.29% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead             1782425     19.58%     88.87% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite            1013284     11.13%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite             0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::total               9104637                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.rate                          0.298174                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_cnt                     311138                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.034174                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_reads          49054641                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_writes          8809273                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      8785030                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                  0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.int_alu_accesses               9415669                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads          171162                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads         2710                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            2                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           24                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         2225                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked       371862                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu0.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu0.iew.iewSquashCycles                   291                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu0.iew.iewBlockCycles               21386203                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewUnblockCycles              2389881                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispatchedInsts            8791920                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts               13                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispLoadInsts              1465037                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispStoreInsts             1014094                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                10                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewIQFullEvents                 56659                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.iewLSQFullEvents              2227293                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.memOrderViolationEvents            24                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu0.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect            89                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect          299                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.branchMispredicts                 388                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecutedInsts              9104039                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecLoadInsts              1782280                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts              598                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu0.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_refs                     2795460                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_branches                 1049461                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_stores                   1013180                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_rate                    0.298154                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu0.iew.wb_sent                       8785186                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu0.iew.wb_count                      8785030                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu0.iew.wb_producers                  6062804                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_consumers                 11854216                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_rate                      0.287707                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu0.iew.wb_fanout                    0.511447                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu0.commit.commitSquashedInsts          17332                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu0.commit.commitNonSpecStalls              3                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu0.commit.branchMispredicts              271                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     30531726                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.287391                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.295233                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     28543976     93.49%     93.49% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       316828      1.04%     94.53% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       346331      1.13%     95.66% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       371472      1.22%     96.88% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       159914      0.52%     97.40% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        28793      0.09%     97.50% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       110276      0.36%     97.86% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        27725      0.09%     97.95% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       626411      2.05%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     30531726                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committedInsts             4911671                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.commit.committedOps               8774546                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu0.commit.refs                       2474181                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu0.commit.loads                      1462312                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu0.commit.membars                          2                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu0.commit.branches                   1048675                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu0.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.fp_insts                         0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.int_insts                  8774535                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.function_calls                   0                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            9      0.00%      0.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu         6300356     71.80%     71.80% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntMult              0      0.00%     71.80% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv               0      0.00%     71.80% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd             0      0.00%     71.80% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     71.80% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     71.80% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     71.80% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     71.80% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     71.80% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0      0.00%     71.80% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     71.80% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     71.80% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     71.80% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     71.80% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     71.80% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     71.80% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     71.80% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0      0.00%     71.80% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     71.80% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     71.80% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     71.80% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     71.80% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     71.80% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     71.80% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     71.80% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     71.80% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     71.80% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     71.80% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     71.80% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     71.80% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     71.80% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemRead        1462312     16.67%     88.47% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite       1011869     11.53%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::total          8774546                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.bw_lim_events               626411                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu0.rob.rob_reads                    38697193                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu0.rob.rob_writes                   17586267                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu0.timesIdled                              4                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu0.idleCycles                            523                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu0.committedInsts                    4911671                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu0.committedOps                      8774546                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu0.cpi                              6.216762                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu0.cpi_total                        6.216762                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu0.ipc                              0.160855                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu0.ipc_total                        0.160855                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_reads                14135230                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_writes                6722391                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_reads                  5746887                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_writes                 3271186                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu0.misc_regfile_reads                4895477                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements           327991                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                1024                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs            1368701                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           327991                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs             4.172983                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data         1024                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          327                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          696                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses          9545823                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses         9545823                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data       629793                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         629793                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.data      1011869                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       1011869                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu0.data      1641662                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total         1641662                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu0.data      1641662                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total        1641662                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data       662796                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       662796                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu0.data       662796                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total        662796                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu0.data       662796                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total       662796                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  57511241000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  57511241000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  57511241000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  57511241000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  57511241000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  57511241000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data      1292589                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1292589                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.data      1011869                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      1011869                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu0.data      2304458                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total      2304458                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu0.data      2304458                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total      2304458                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.512766                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.512766                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.287615                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.287615                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.287615                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.287615                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 86770.651905                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 86770.651905                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 86770.651905                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 86770.651905                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 86770.651905                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 86770.651905                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      7558973                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs           115436                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    65.481938                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       308826                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total           308826                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       334802                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       334802                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       334802                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       334802                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       334802                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       334802                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       327994                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       327994                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       327994                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       327994                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       327994                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       327994                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  33146063500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  33146063500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  33146063500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  33146063500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  33146063500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  33146063500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.253750                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.253750                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.142330                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.142330                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.142330                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.142330                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 101056.920249                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 101056.920249                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 101056.920249                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 101056.920249                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 101056.920249                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 101056.920249                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements                4                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse                1023                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs             824434                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs                4                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs         206108.500000                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst         1023                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.999023                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999023                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1023                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            4                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         1019                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.999023                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses          2713008                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses         2713008                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst       678245                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total         678245                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu0.inst       678245                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total          678245                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu0.inst       678245                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total         678245                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.inst            6                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total            6                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::cpu0.inst            6                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total             6                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::cpu0.inst            6                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total            6                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       770500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total       770500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       770500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::total       770500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       770500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::total       770500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst       678251                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       678251                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst       678251                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total       678251                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst       678251                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total       678251                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000009                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000009                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000009                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000009                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000009                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000009                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 128416.666667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 128416.666667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 128416.666667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 128416.666667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 128416.666667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 128416.666667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::writebacks            4                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::total                4                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            2                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            2                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst            2                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            2                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst            4                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            4                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst            4                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total            4                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst            4                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total            4                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       596000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       596000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       596000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total       596000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       596000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total       596000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000006                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000006                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000006                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000006                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000006                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000006                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       149000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       149000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       149000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       149000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       149000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       149000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.branchPred.lookups                      0                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.condPredicted                0                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu1.branchPred.condIncorrect                0                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBLookups                   0                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHitPct                  nan                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu1.branchPred.usedRAS                      0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu1.branchPred.RASInCorrect                 0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectLookups              0                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectHits                 0                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectMisses               0                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu1.branchPredindirectMispredicted            0                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu1.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::samples                 0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::mean                  nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::stdev                 nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::0                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::1                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::2                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::3                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::4                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::5                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::6                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::7                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::8                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::max_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::total                   0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.idleRate                        nan                       # Percent of cycles fetch was idle
system.cpu1.fetch.branchRate                      nan                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.fetch.rate                            nan                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.rename.serializeStallCycles             0                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu1.rename.serializingInsts                 0                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.tempSerializingInsts             0                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.skidInsts                        0                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedLoads                   0                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedStores                  0                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingLoads                0                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingStores               0                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean             nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev            nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::0                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::1                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::2                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::3                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::4                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::5                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::6                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::7                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::8                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::total              0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemRead                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::total                     0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.rate                               nan                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_cnt                          0                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_rate                       nan                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                  0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads               0                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads            0                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            0                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores            0                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu1.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu1.iew.iewSquashCycles                     0                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu1.iew.iewBlockCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewUnblockCycles                    0                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispatchedInsts                  0                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispStoreInsts                   0                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                 0                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewIQFullEvents                     0                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                    0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             0                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu1.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect             0                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect            0                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.branchMispredicts                   0                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecutedInsts                    0                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu1.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_refs                           0                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_branches                       0                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_stores                         0                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_rate                         nan                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu1.iew.wb_sent                             0                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu1.iew.wb_count                            0                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu1.iew.wb_producers                        0                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_consumers                        0                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_rate                           nan                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu1.iew.wb_fanout                         nan                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::0            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::1            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::2            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::3            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::4            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::5            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::6            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::7            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::8            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::total            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committedInsts                   0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.commit.committedOps                     0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu1.commit.refs                             0                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu1.commit.loads                            0                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu1.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu1.commit.branches                         0                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu1.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.fp_insts                         0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.int_insts                        0                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.function_calls                   0                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntMult              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemRead              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::total                0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.bw_lim_events                    0                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu1.rob.rob_reads                           0                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu1.rob.rob_writes                          0                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu1.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu1.committedOps                            0                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu1.cpi                                   nan                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu1.cpi_total                             nan                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu1.ipc                                   nan                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu1.ipc_total                             nan                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.replacements                    309240                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                        16384                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                      343403                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                    309240                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      1.110474                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks        0.173192                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst         0.112158                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data     16383.714650                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.000011                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst        0.000007                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data        0.999983                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total                   1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         16384                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          300                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1         2618                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2        13199                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          267                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                   5557144                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                  5557144                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks       308826                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total           308826                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks            4                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total                4                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu0.data         18759                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total             18759                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.data                18759                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                    18759                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.data               18759                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                   18759                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu0.inst            4                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total                4                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu0.data       309235                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total          309235                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.inst                  4                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.data             309235                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                 309239                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.inst                 4                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.data            309235                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                309239                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       590000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total       590000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  32412181000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total  32412181000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       590000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  32412181000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total      32412771000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       590000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  32412181000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total     32412771000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks       308826                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       308826                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks            4                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total            4                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu0.inst            4                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total              4                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu0.data       327994                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total        327994                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst                4                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.data           327994                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total               327998                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst               4                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.data          327994                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total              327998                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.942807                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.942807                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data        0.942807                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.942808                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data       0.942807                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.942808                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       147500                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total       147500                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 104814.076673                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 104814.076673                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       147500                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 104814.076673                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 104814.628815                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       147500                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 104814.076673                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 104814.628815                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks               291934                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                    291934                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst            4                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total            4                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       309235                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total       309235                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst             4                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        309235                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total            309239                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst            4                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       309235                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total           309239                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       550000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       550000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  29319861000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  29319861000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       550000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  29319861000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  29320411000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       550000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  29319861000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  29320411000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.942807                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.942807                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.942807                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.942808                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.942807                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.942808                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       137500                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       137500                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 94814.173687                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 94814.173687                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       137500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 94814.173687                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 94814.725827                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       137500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 94814.173687                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 94814.725827                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests        618475                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       309236                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             309236                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       291934                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict            17302                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        309239                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       927711                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total       927711                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 927711                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     38474880                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total     38474880                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                38474880                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples            309239                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                  309239    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total              309239                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer4.occupancy          1817256000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer4.utilization              11.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy         1616216250                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization             10.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests       655993                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       327995                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests           10                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops              9                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            9                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp            327995                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       600760                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean            4                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict           36471                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq             4                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       327994                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side           12                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       983976                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total                983988                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side          512                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     40756288                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total               40756800                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                          309240                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                  18683776                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples           637238                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.000030                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.005460                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                 637219    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                     19      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::5                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::6                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::7                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::8                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total             637238                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy          636826500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              4.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy              6000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy         491986500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             3.2                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
