
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.015267                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 15267344125                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               3618360557625                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                              114775729                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                212658098                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              314494005                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1248940                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                    48.55                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  5571869174                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   10323641513                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.inst            128                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.data       12239808                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total           12239936                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu0.inst          128                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total           128                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks        44800                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total           44800                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.inst               2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.data          191247                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total              191249                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks           700                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total                700                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.inst              8384                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.data         801698573                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total             801706957                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu0.inst         8384                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total             8384                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks         2934368                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total              2934368                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks         2934368                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.inst             8384                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.data        801698573                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total            804641325                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                      191248                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                        700                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                    191248                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                      700                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM               12234112                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                    5760                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                   45184                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                12239872                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys                44800                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                     90                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0             11474                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1             11736                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2             11673                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3             12759                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4             13082                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5             12651                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6             12546                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7             11951                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8             11543                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9             11592                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10            11749                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11            11793                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12            11513                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13            11681                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14            11783                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15            11632                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3               220                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4               145                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5               128                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6               128                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7                23                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8                22                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15               40                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                   15267340500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                191248                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6                  700                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                  144172                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                   43682                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                    3240                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                      64                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                     44                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                     44                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                     44                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                     44                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                     44                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                     44                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                     44                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                     44                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                     43                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                     43                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                     43                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                     43                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                     43                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                     43                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                     44                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                     44                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples        97583                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    125.851429                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   108.171714                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev    76.381828                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127        43814     44.90%     44.90% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255        43449     44.53%     89.42% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383         8905      9.13%     98.55% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511         1201      1.23%     99.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639          165      0.17%     99.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767           24      0.02%     99.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895            6      0.01%     99.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023            6      0.01%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151           13      0.01%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total        97583                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples           44                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean    4389.750000                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean   4302.933663                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    839.159245                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::2048-2303            1      2.27%      2.27% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::2560-2815            1      2.27%      4.55% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::2816-3071            1      2.27%      6.82% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::3072-3327            2      4.55%     11.36% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::3328-3583            2      4.55%     15.91% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::3584-3839            3      6.82%     22.73% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::3840-4095            5     11.36%     34.09% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::4096-4351            5     11.36%     45.45% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::4352-4607            5     11.36%     56.82% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::4608-4863            6     13.64%     70.45% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::4864-5119            5     11.36%     81.82% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::5120-5375            3      6.82%     88.64% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::5376-5631            1      2.27%     90.91% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::5632-5887            4      9.09%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total            44                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples           44                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      16.045455                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     16.042888                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev      0.301511                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16               43     97.73%     97.73% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::18                1      2.27%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total            44                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                   4723690500                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat              8307903000                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                  955790000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     24710.92                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                43460.92                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                       801.33                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                         2.96                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                    801.70                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                      2.93                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         6.28                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     6.26                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    0.02                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.32                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      25.33                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                    93687                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                     603                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 49.01                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                86.14                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                      79538.94                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    49.15                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                357078540                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                189822105                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy               698806080                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy                3361680                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         1204694400.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy           1648744950                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy             24592320                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy      5183454600                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy        84636960                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy                0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy             9395191635                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            615.378258                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime          11588091750                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE      9372000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF     509600000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    220563000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT    3160280375                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  11367528750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                339606960                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                180505380                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy               666069180                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy                 323640                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         1205309040.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy           1577358720                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy             24491520                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy      5211972270                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy       120837600                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy                0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy             9326474310                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            610.877323                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime          11745016250                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE      9558500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF     509860000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    314862500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT    3002909375                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  11430153750                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.branchPred.lookups                1834370                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.condPredicted          1834370                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu0.branchPred.condIncorrect            90470                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBLookups             1525747                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHitPct             0.000000                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu0.branchPred.usedRAS                  70847                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu0.branchPred.RASInCorrect             10515                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectLookups        1525747                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectHits            740134                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectMisses          785613                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu0.branchPredindirectMispredicted        36845                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb.rdAccesses                     877070                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrAccesses                      88714                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.dtb.rdMisses                       157926                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrMisses                         1633                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrAccesses                    1434940                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrMisses                         6888                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.workload.numSyscalls                    0                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.numCycles                        30534688                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.fetch.icacheStallCycles           1477996                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu0.fetch.Insts                       5587005                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu0.fetch.Branches                    1834370                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu0.fetch.predictedBranches            810981                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu0.fetch.Cycles                     28843498                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu0.fetch.SquashCycles                 185484                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu0.fetch.TlbCycles                      2022                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
system.cpu0.fetch.MiscStallCycles                1676                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu0.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles        57257                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu0.fetch.PendingQuiesceStallCycles          122                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending quiesce instructions
system.cpu0.fetch.CacheLines                  1428052                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu0.fetch.IcacheSquashes                12932                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.ItlbSquashes                      7                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::samples          30475313                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::mean             0.370331                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::stdev            1.536160                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::0                28365453     93.08%     93.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::1                   35717      0.12%     93.19% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::2                  666421      2.19%     95.38% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::3                   43628      0.14%     95.52% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::4                  152289      0.50%     96.02% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::5                   94854      0.31%     96.33% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::6                   97876      0.32%     96.66% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::7                   36772      0.12%     96.78% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::8                  982303      3.22%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::total            30475313                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.branchRate                 0.060075                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.fetch.rate                       0.182972                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.decode.IdleCycles                  784462                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu0.decode.BlockedCycles             28179186                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu0.decode.RunCycles                  1082898                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu0.decode.UnblockCycles               336025                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu0.decode.SquashCycles                 92742                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu0.decode.DecodedInsts               9310844                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu0.rename.SquashCycles                 92742                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu0.rename.IdleCycles                  898567                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu0.rename.BlockCycles               26876175                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu0.rename.serializeStallCycles         39638                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu0.rename.RunCycles                  1223720                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu0.rename.UnblockCycles              1344471                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedInsts               8887592                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu0.rename.ROBFullEvents                87278                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu0.rename.IQFullEvents               1038409                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu0.rename.LQFullEvents                243794                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu0.rename.SQFullEvents                   906                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedOperands           10563659                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu0.rename.RenameLookups             24332141                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu0.rename.int_rename_lookups        11924771                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.fp_rename_lookups            59394                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.CommittedMaps              3510270                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu0.rename.UndoneMaps                 7053380                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu0.rename.serializingInsts               349                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.tempSerializingInsts           449                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.skidInsts                  2063474                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedLoads             1512653                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedStores             132095                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingLoads             7784                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingStores            7740                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsAdded                   8322292                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu0.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded               8157                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsIssued                  6020539                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued             9478                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined        5408524                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     10586310                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          8157                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     30475313                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        0.197555                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       0.831799                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::0           28136623     92.33%     92.33% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::1             876730      2.88%     95.20% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::2             479546      1.57%     96.78% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::3             327314      1.07%     97.85% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::4             349702      1.15%     99.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::5             128374      0.42%     99.42% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::6             105743      0.35%     99.77% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::7              42609      0.14%     99.91% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::8              28672      0.09%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       30475313                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                  17780     70.40%     70.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0      0.00%     70.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%     70.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                 1780      7.05%     77.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%     77.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%     77.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0      0.00%     77.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0      0.00%     77.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%     77.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0      0.00%     77.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%     77.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%     77.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%     77.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%     77.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%     77.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%     77.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%     77.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%     77.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%     77.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%     77.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%     77.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%     77.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%     77.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%     77.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%     77.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%     77.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%     77.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%     77.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%     77.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     77.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%     77.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemRead                  5041     19.96%     97.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                  408      1.62%     99.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead              226      0.89%     99.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite              19      0.08%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            28042      0.47%      0.47% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu              4928733     81.87%     82.33% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                2478      0.04%     82.37% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                16862      0.28%     82.65% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd              22320      0.37%     83.02% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     83.02% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     83.02% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     83.02% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     83.02% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0      0.00%     83.02% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0      0.00%     83.02% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     83.02% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     83.02% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     83.02% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     83.02% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     83.02% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     83.02% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0      0.00%     83.02% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     83.02% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     83.02% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     83.02% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     83.02% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     83.02% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     83.02% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     83.02% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     83.02% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     83.02% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     83.02% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0      0.00%     83.02% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     83.02% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     83.02% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     83.02% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead              921767     15.31%     98.33% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite              95706      1.59%     99.92% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead           4548      0.08%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite            83      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::total               6020539                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.rate                          0.197170                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_cnt                      25254                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.004195                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_reads          42494938                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_writes         13689957                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      5722711                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads              56185                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes             49022                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses        24631                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.int_alu_accesses               5988770                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_alu_accesses                  28981                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads            7306                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       992587                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          237                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           10                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        83679                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           72                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked         1382                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu0.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu0.iew.iewSquashCycles                 92742                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu0.iew.iewBlockCycles               24499127                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewUnblockCycles               285896                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispatchedInsts            8330449                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts             6289                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispLoadInsts              1512653                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispStoreInsts              132095                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts              2946                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewIQFullEvents                 24305                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                80504                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.memOrderViolationEvents            10                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu0.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         43688                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        61548                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.branchMispredicts              105236                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecutedInsts              5882205                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecLoadInsts               876679                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts           138334                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu0.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_refs                      965357                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_branches                  677147                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_stores                     88678                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_rate                    0.192640                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu0.iew.wb_sent                       5775380                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu0.iew.wb_count                      5747342                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu0.iew.wb_producers                  4252599                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_consumers                  6768773                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_rate                      0.188223                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu0.iew.wb_fanout                    0.628267                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu0.commit.commitSquashedInsts        5409427                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu0.commit.branchMispredicts            92739                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     29692206                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.098407                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     0.596756                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     28480398     95.92%     95.92% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       541116      1.82%     97.74% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       137522      0.46%     98.20% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       347179      1.17%     99.37% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        70884      0.24%     99.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        37953      0.13%     99.74% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         9765      0.03%     99.77% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         6784      0.02%     99.80% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        60605      0.20%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     29692206                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committedInsts             1463285                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.commit.committedOps               2921916                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu0.commit.refs                        568483                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu0.commit.loads                       520067                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu0.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu0.commit.branches                    498175                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu0.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.fp_insts                     19492                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.int_insts                  2902313                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.function_calls                8525                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass         5831      0.20%      0.20% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu         2316512     79.28%     79.48% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntMult            341      0.01%     79.49% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv           14117      0.48%     79.97% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd         16632      0.57%     80.54% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     80.54% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     80.54% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     80.54% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.54% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     80.54% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0      0.00%     80.54% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     80.54% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     80.54% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     80.54% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     80.54% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     80.54% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     80.54% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     80.54% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0      0.00%     80.54% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.54% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     80.54% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     80.54% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     80.54% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     80.54% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     80.54% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     80.54% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     80.54% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     80.54% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     80.54% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     80.54% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.54% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     80.54% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemRead         517207     17.70%     98.25% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite         48416      1.66%     99.90% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead         2860      0.10%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::total          2921916                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.bw_lim_events                60605                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu0.rob.rob_reads                    37962944                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu0.rob.rob_writes                   17448733                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu0.timesIdled                            474                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu0.idleCycles                          59375                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu0.committedInsts                    1463285                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu0.committedOps                      2921916                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu0.cpi                             20.867219                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu0.cpi_total                       20.867219                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu0.ipc                              0.047922                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu0.ipc_total                        0.047922                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_reads                 6132140                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_writes                4995816                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_reads                    43465                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_writes                   21710                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_reads                  3487989                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_writes                 1591136                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu0.misc_regfile_reads                2984348                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements           252180                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                1024                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs             452857                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           252180                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs             1.795769                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data         1024                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          150                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          784                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           90                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses          3898388                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses         3898388                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data       407269                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         407269                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.data        47397                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         47397                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu0.data       454666                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total          454666                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu0.data       454666                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total         454666                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data       455867                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       455867                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu0.data         1019                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         1019                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu0.data       456886                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total        456886                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu0.data       456886                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total       456886                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  35203470500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  35203470500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data     56787000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     56787000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  35260257500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  35260257500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  35260257500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  35260257500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data       863136                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       863136                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.data        48416                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        48416                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu0.data       911552                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total       911552                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu0.data       911552                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total       911552                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.528152                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.528152                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.021047                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.021047                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.501218                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.501218                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.501218                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.501218                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 77223.116611                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 77223.116611                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 55728.164868                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 55728.164868                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 77175.176083                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 77175.176083                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 77175.176083                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 77175.176083                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs        27456                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs              912                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    30.105263                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         2317                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total             2317                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       204694                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       204694                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data           13                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       204707                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       204707                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       204707                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       204707                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       251173                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       251173                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         1006                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         1006                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       252179                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       252179                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       252179                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       252179                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  19168162500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  19168162500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     54618500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     54618500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  19222781000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  19222781000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  19222781000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  19222781000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.291000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.291000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.020778                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.020778                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.276648                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.276648                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.276648                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.276648                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 76314.581981                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76314.581981                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 54292.743539                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 54292.743539                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 76226.731806                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76226.731806                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 76226.731806                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76226.731806                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements                2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse                1021                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs                  1                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs                2                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs             0.500000                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst         1021                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.997070                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.997070                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1021                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         1019                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.997070                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses          5712210                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses         5712210                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst      1428050                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        1428050                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu0.inst      1428050                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total         1428050                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu0.inst      1428050                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total        1428050                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total            2                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::cpu0.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total             2                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::cpu0.inst            2                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total            2                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       200500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total       200500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       200500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::total       200500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       200500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::total       200500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst      1428052                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1428052                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst      1428052                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total      1428052                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst      1428052                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total      1428052                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000001                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000001                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000001                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000001                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000001                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000001                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       100250                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total       100250                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       100250                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total       100250                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       100250                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total       100250                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::writebacks            2                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::total                2                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            2                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total            2                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst            2                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total            2                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       198500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       198500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       198500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total       198500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       198500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total       198500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000001                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000001                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000001                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000001                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000001                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000001                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        99250                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        99250                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        99250                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        99250                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        99250                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        99250                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.branchPred.lookups                      0                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.condPredicted                0                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu1.branchPred.condIncorrect                0                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBLookups                   0                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHitPct                  nan                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu1.branchPred.usedRAS                      0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu1.branchPred.RASInCorrect                 0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectLookups              0                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectHits                 0                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectMisses               0                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu1.branchPredindirectMispredicted            0                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu1.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::samples                 0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::mean                  nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::stdev                 nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::0                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::1                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::2                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::3                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::4                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::5                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::6                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::7                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::8                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::max_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::total                   0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.idleRate                        nan                       # Percent of cycles fetch was idle
system.cpu1.fetch.branchRate                      nan                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.fetch.rate                            nan                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.rename.serializeStallCycles             0                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu1.rename.serializingInsts                 0                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.tempSerializingInsts             0                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.skidInsts                        0                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedLoads                   0                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedStores                  0                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingLoads                0                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingStores               0                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean             nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev            nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::0                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::1                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::2                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::3                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::4                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::5                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::6                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::7                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::8                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::total              0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemRead                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::total                     0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.rate                               nan                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_cnt                          0                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_rate                       nan                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                  0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads               0                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads            0                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            0                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores            0                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu1.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu1.iew.iewSquashCycles                     0                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu1.iew.iewBlockCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewUnblockCycles                    0                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispatchedInsts                  0                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispStoreInsts                   0                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                 0                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewIQFullEvents                     0                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                    0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             0                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu1.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect             0                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect            0                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.branchMispredicts                   0                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecutedInsts                    0                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu1.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_refs                           0                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_branches                       0                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_stores                         0                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_rate                         nan                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu1.iew.wb_sent                             0                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu1.iew.wb_count                            0                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu1.iew.wb_producers                        0                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_consumers                        0                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_rate                           nan                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu1.iew.wb_fanout                         nan                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::0            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::1            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::2            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::3            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::4            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::5            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::6            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::7            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::8            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::total            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committedInsts                   0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.commit.committedOps                     0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu1.commit.refs                             0                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu1.commit.loads                            0                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu1.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu1.commit.branches                         0                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu1.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.fp_insts                         0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.int_insts                        0                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.function_calls                   0                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntMult              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemRead              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::total                0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.bw_lim_events                    0                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu1.rob.rob_reads                           0                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu1.rob.rob_writes                          0                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu1.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu1.committedOps                            0                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu1.cpi                                   nan                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu1.cpi_total                             nan                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu1.ipc                                   nan                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu1.ipc_total                             nan                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.replacements                    191269                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                        16384                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                      314721                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                    191269                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      1.645437                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks       12.855315                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst         0.129498                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data     16371.015188                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.000785                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst        0.000008                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data        0.999207                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total                   1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         16384                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          131                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1         1183                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2        10174                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         4874                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           22                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                   4224189                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                  4224189                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks         2317                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total             2317                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks            2                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total                2                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu0.data               559                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                   559                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu0.data         60374                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total             60374                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.data                60933                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                    60933                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.data               60933                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                   60933                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0.data             447                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                 447                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu0.inst            2                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total                2                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu0.data       190799                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total          190799                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.inst                  2                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.data             191246                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                 191248                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.inst                 2                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.data            191246                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                191248                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data     46985000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      46985000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       195500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total       195500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  18126142500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total  18126142500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       195500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  18173127500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total      18173323000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       195500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  18173127500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total     18173323000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks         2317                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         2317                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks            2                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total            2                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0.data          1006                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total              1006                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu0.inst            2                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total              2                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu0.data       251173                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total        251173                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst                2                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.data           252179                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total               252181                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst               2                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.data          252179                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total              252181                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.444334                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.444334                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.759632                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.759632                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data        0.758374                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.758376                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data       0.758374                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.758376                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 105111.856823                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 105111.856823                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        97750                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total        97750                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 95001.244765                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 95001.244765                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        97750                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 95024.876337                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 95024.904836                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        97750                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 95024.876337                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 95024.904836                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                  700                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                       700                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::writebacks            5                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::total             5                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data          447                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            447                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst            2                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total            2                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       190799                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total       190799                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst             2                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        191246                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total            191248                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst            2                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       191246                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total           191248                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     42515000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     42515000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       175500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       175500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  16218142500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  16218142500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       175500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  16260657500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  16260833000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       175500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  16260657500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  16260833000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::writebacks          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.444334                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.444334                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.759632                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.759632                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.758374                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.758376                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.758374                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.758376                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 95111.856823                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 95111.856823                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        87750                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        87750                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 85001.192354                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 85001.192354                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        87750                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 85024.824049                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 85024.852547                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        87750                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 85024.824049                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 85024.852547                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests        382487                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       191249                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             190802                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          700                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict           190539                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq               447                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp              447                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        190801                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       573736                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total       573736                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 573736                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     12284736                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total     12284736                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                12284736                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples            191248                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                  191248    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total              191248                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer4.occupancy           450481500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer4.utilization               3.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy         1034711000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              6.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests       504363                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       252183                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests          479                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops             35                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops           30                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            5                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp            251176                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         3017                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean            2                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict          440432                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq             1006                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp            1006                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq             2                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       251173                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side            6                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       756539                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total                756545                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side          256                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     16287808                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total               16288064                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                          191269                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                     44800                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples           443450                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.001173                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.034551                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                 442935     99.88%     99.88% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                    510      0.12%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      5      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::5                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::6                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::7                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::8                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total             443450                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy          254500500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              1.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy              3000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy         378270000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             2.5                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
