
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.015267                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 15267344125                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               3206142266250                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                              108426023                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                200776015                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              299337097                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1248940                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                    51.00                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  5530142670                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   10240347900                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.inst            128                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.data       12009600                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total           12009728                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu0.inst          128                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total           128                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks        57408                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total           57408                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.inst               2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.data          187650                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total              187652                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks           897                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total                897                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.inst              8384                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.data         786620116                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total             786628499                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu0.inst         8384                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total             8384                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks         3760182                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total              3760182                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks         3760182                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.inst             8384                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.data        786620116                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total            790388682                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                      187650                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                        897                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                    187650                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                      897                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM               12000512                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                    9088                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                   57472                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                12009600                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys                57408                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                    142                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     4                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0             11022                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1             11122                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2             11227                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3             12276                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4             12543                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5             12019                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6             12262                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7             11907                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8             12159                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9             11786                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10            11735                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11            11636                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12            11281                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13            11706                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14            11557                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15            11270                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0               125                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1                12                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3               249                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4                29                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5                57                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12               44                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13              128                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14              128                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15              126                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                   15267283500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                187650                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6                  897                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                  142257                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                   42163                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                    3024                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                      63                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                     54                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                     56                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                     56                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                     55                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                     55                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                     55                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                     55                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                     55                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                     56                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                     56                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                     56                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                     56                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                     56                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                     58                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                     56                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                     56                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples        97758                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    123.353096                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   106.106605                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev    75.401671                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127        45573     46.62%     46.62% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255        42500     43.47%     90.09% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383         8368      8.56%     98.65% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511         1127      1.15%     99.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639          135      0.14%     99.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767           18      0.02%     99.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895           16      0.02%     99.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023            7      0.01%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151           14      0.01%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total        97758                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples           56                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean    3343.892857                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean   3245.742177                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    824.999563                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::1536-1791            1      1.79%      1.79% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::1792-2047            1      1.79%      3.57% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::2048-2303            2      3.57%      7.14% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::2304-2559            4      7.14%     14.29% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::2560-2815            7     12.50%     26.79% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::2816-3071            4      7.14%     33.93% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::3072-3327            9     16.07%     50.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::3328-3583           10     17.86%     67.86% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::3584-3839            6     10.71%     78.57% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::3840-4095            3      5.36%     83.93% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::4096-4351            4      7.14%     91.07% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::4352-4607            1      1.79%     92.86% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::4608-4863            2      3.57%     96.43% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::4864-5119            1      1.79%     98.21% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::6144-6399            1      1.79%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total            56                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples           56                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      16.035714                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     16.033688                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev      0.267261                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16               55     98.21%     98.21% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::18                1      1.79%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total            56                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                   4642038750                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat              8157813750                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                  937540000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     24756.48                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                43506.48                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                       786.02                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                         3.76                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                    786.62                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                      3.76                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         6.17                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     6.14                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    0.03                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.31                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      25.61                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                    89897                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                     755                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 47.94                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                84.55                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                      80973.36                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    48.12                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                350352660                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                186224445                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy               673873200                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy                2463840                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         1205309040.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy           1613593620                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy             24645600                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy      5202789000                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy        97902720                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy                0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy             9357154125                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            612.886829                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime          11664921000                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE      9744000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF     509860000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    255112750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT    3082506875                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  11410120500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                347610900                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                184767165                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy               664948200                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy                2223720                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         1205309040.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy           1592150790                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy             24588000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy      5218853310                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy       102489600                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy                0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy             9342940725                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            611.955861                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime          11712511375                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE      9696000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF     509860000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    266908500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT    3035232750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  11445646875                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.branchPred.lookups                1920779                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.condPredicted          1920779                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu0.branchPred.condIncorrect            98581                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBLookups             1539556                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHitPct             0.000000                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu0.branchPred.usedRAS                  82639                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu0.branchPred.RASInCorrect             12683                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectLookups        1539556                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectHits            774383                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectMisses          765173                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu0.branchPredindirectMispredicted        39537                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb.rdAccesses                     956096                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrAccesses                     109363                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.dtb.rdMisses                       168823                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrMisses                         1763                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrAccesses                    1515383                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrMisses                         7832                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.workload.numSyscalls                    1                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.numCycles                        30534688                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.fetch.icacheStallCycles           1562281                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu0.fetch.Insts                       5950871                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu0.fetch.Branches                    1920779                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu0.fetch.predictedBranches            857022                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu0.fetch.Cycles                     28731125                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu0.fetch.SquashCycles                 202350                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu0.fetch.TlbCycles                      2619                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
system.cpu0.fetch.MiscStallCycles                1741                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu0.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles        67275                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu0.fetch.CacheLines                  1507551                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu0.fetch.IcacheSquashes                15065                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.ItlbSquashes                      7                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::samples          30466216                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::mean             0.394225                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::stdev            1.584090                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::0                28234311     92.67%     92.67% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::1                   40328      0.13%     92.81% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::2                  686423      2.25%     95.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::3                   51754      0.17%     95.23% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::4                  155357      0.51%     95.74% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::5                  101823      0.33%     96.07% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::6                  108375      0.36%     96.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::7                   41446      0.14%     96.57% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::8                 1046399      3.43%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::total            30466216                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.branchRate                 0.062905                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.fetch.rate                       0.194889                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.decode.IdleCycles                  845378                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu0.decode.BlockedCycles             28000878                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu0.decode.RunCycles                  1168539                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu0.decode.UnblockCycles               350246                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu0.decode.SquashCycles                101175                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu0.decode.DecodedInsts               9984883                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu0.rename.SquashCycles                101175                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu0.rename.IdleCycles                  967058                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu0.rename.BlockCycles               26608371                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu0.rename.serializeStallCycles         27323                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu0.rename.RunCycles                  1314740                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu0.rename.UnblockCycles              1447549                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedInsts               9525222                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu0.rename.ROBFullEvents                99970                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu0.rename.IQFullEvents               1068944                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu0.rename.LQFullEvents                319076                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu0.rename.SQFullEvents                  1114                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedOperands           11312570                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu0.rename.RenameLookups             26007079                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu0.rename.int_rename_lookups        12881976                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.fp_rename_lookups            78521                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.CommittedMaps              3958615                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu0.rename.UndoneMaps                 7353966                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu0.rename.serializingInsts               419                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.tempSerializingInsts           545                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.skidInsts                  2125664                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedLoads             1605659                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedStores             156617                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingLoads             5894                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingStores            7076                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsAdded                   8902717                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu0.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded               8485                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsIssued                  6534699                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued            10910                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined        5621531                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     10851563                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          8484                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     30466216                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        0.214490                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       0.874843                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::0           27981503     91.84%     91.84% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::1             910136      2.99%     94.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::2             501789      1.65%     96.48% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::3             350483      1.15%     97.63% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::4             369338      1.21%     98.84% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::5             147109      0.48%     99.32% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::6             119326      0.39%     99.72% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::7              51573      0.17%     99.89% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::8              34959      0.11%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       30466216                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                  21851     71.79%     71.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0      0.00%     71.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%     71.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                 2345      7.70%     79.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%     79.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%     79.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0      0.00%     79.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0      0.00%     79.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%     79.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0      0.00%     79.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%     79.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%     79.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%     79.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%     79.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%     79.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%     79.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%     79.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%     79.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%     79.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%     79.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%     79.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%     79.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%     79.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%     79.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%     79.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%     79.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%     79.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%     79.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%     79.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%     79.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemRead                  5396     17.73%     97.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                  529      1.74%     98.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead              310      1.02%     99.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               6      0.02%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            31922      0.49%      0.49% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu              5323399     81.46%     81.95% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                1941      0.03%     81.98% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                21679      0.33%     82.31% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd              29179      0.45%     82.76% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     82.76% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     82.76% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     82.76% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     82.76% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0      0.00%     82.76% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0      0.00%     82.76% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     82.76% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     82.76% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     82.76% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     82.76% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     82.76% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     82.76% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0      0.00%     82.76% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     82.76% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     82.76% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     82.76% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     82.76% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     82.76% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     82.76% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     82.76% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     82.76% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     82.76% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     82.76% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0      0.00%     82.76% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     82.76% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     82.76% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     82.76% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead             1003216     15.35%     98.11% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite             117278      1.79%     99.91% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead           6067      0.09%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite            18      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::total               6534699                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.rate                          0.214009                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_cnt                      30437                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.004658                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_reads          43503447                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_writes         14467028                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      6204520                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads              73513                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes             65712                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses        32034                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.int_alu_accesses               6495289                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_alu_accesses                  37925                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads            9788                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      1036986                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          391                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           10                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        93239                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          113                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked         1256                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu0.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu0.iew.iewSquashCycles                101175                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu0.iew.iewBlockCycles               24099049                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewUnblockCycles               292488                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispatchedInsts            8911202                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts             6544                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispLoadInsts              1605659                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispStoreInsts              156617                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts              3098                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewIQFullEvents                 22353                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                84801                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.memOrderViolationEvents            10                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu0.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         48312                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        67287                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.branchMispredicts              115599                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecutedInsts              6382697                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecLoadInsts               955564                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts           152001                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu0.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_refs                     1064908                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_branches                  736776                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_stores                    109344                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_rate                    0.209031                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu0.iew.wb_sent                       6269165                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu0.iew.wb_count                      6236554                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu0.iew.wb_producers                  4609298                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_consumers                  7415566                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_rate                      0.204245                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu0.iew.wb_fanout                    0.621571                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu0.commit.commitSquashedInsts        5622726                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu0.commit.commitNonSpecStalls              1                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu0.commit.branchMispredicts           101172                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     29646919                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.110962                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     0.644617                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     28319127     95.52%     95.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       580296      1.96%     97.48% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       154528      0.52%     98.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       373499      1.26%     99.26% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        76599      0.26%     99.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        45575      0.15%     99.67% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        12199      0.04%     99.71% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         8395      0.03%     99.74% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        76701      0.26%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     29646919                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committedInsts             1648693                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.commit.committedOps               3289687                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu0.commit.refs                        632053                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu0.commit.loads                       568675                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu0.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu0.commit.branches                    546545                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu0.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.fp_insts                     25374                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.int_insts                  3264052                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.function_calls               11179                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass         7640      0.23%      0.23% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu         2609372     79.32%     79.55% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntMult            447      0.01%     79.57% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv           18491      0.56%     80.13% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd         21684      0.66%     80.79% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     80.79% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     80.79% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     80.79% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.79% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     80.79% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0      0.00%     80.79% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     80.79% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     80.79% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     80.79% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     80.79% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     80.79% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     80.79% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     80.79% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0      0.00%     80.79% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.79% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     80.79% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     80.79% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     80.79% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     80.79% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     80.79% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     80.79% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     80.79% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     80.79% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     80.79% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     80.79% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.79% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     80.79% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemRead         564985     17.17%     97.96% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite         63378      1.93%     99.89% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead         3690      0.11%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::total          3289687                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.bw_lim_events                76701                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu0.rob.rob_reads                    38482631                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu0.rob.rob_writes                   18647602                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu0.timesIdled                            563                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu0.idleCycles                          68472                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu0.committedInsts                    1648693                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu0.committedOps                      3289687                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu0.cpi                             18.520542                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu0.cpi_total                       18.520542                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu0.ipc                              0.053994                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu0.ipc_total                        0.053994                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_reads                 6856746                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_writes                5408289                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_reads                    56618                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_writes                   28303                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_reads                  3819361                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_writes                 1766030                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu0.misc_regfile_reads                3203884                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements           263152                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                1024                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs             531789                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           263152                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs             2.020843                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data         1024                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          131                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          853                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           40                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses          4271968                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses         4271968                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data       466706                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         466706                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.data        62281                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         62281                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu0.data       528987                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total          528987                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu0.data       528987                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total         528987                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data       472120                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       472120                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu0.data         1097                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         1097                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu0.data       473217                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total        473217                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu0.data       473217                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total       473217                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  34760870000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  34760870000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data     70046500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     70046500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  34830916500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  34830916500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  34830916500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  34830916500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data       938826                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       938826                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.data        63378                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        63378                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu0.data      1002204                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1002204                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu0.data      1002204                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1002204                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.502883                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.502883                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.017309                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.017309                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.472176                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.472176                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.472176                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.472176                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 73627.192239                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 73627.192239                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 63852.780310                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 63852.780310                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 73604.533438                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 73604.533438                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 73604.533438                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 73604.533438                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs        29710                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs              986                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    30.131846                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         2477                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total             2477                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       210055                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       210055                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data           11                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       210066                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       210066                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       210066                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       210066                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       262065                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       262065                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         1086                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         1086                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       263151                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       263151                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       263151                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       263151                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  18990059500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  18990059500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     68006000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     68006000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  19058065500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  19058065500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  19058065500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  19058065500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.279141                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.279141                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.017135                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.017135                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.262572                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.262572                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.262572                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.262572                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 72463.165627                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 72463.165627                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 62620.626151                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 62620.626151                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 72422.546371                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 72422.546371                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 72422.546371                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 72422.546371                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements                2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse                1021                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs                 21                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs                2                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs            10.500000                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst         1021                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.997070                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.997070                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1021                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         1020                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.997070                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses          6030206                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses         6030206                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst      1507549                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        1507549                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu0.inst      1507549                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total         1507549                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu0.inst      1507549                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total        1507549                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total            2                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::cpu0.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total             2                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::cpu0.inst            2                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total            2                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       220000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total       220000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       220000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::total       220000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       220000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::total       220000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst      1507551                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1507551                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst      1507551                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total      1507551                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst      1507551                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total      1507551                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000001                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000001                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000001                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000001                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000001                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000001                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       110000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total       110000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       110000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total       110000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       110000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total       110000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::writebacks            2                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::total                2                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            2                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total            2                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst            2                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total            2                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       218000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       218000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       218000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total       218000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       218000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total       218000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000001                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000001                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000001                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000001                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000001                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000001                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       109000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       109000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       109000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       109000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       109000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       109000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.branchPred.lookups                      0                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.condPredicted                0                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu1.branchPred.condIncorrect                0                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBLookups                   0                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHitPct                  nan                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu1.branchPred.usedRAS                      0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu1.branchPred.RASInCorrect                 0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectLookups              0                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectHits                 0                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectMisses               0                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu1.branchPredindirectMispredicted            0                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu1.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::samples                 0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::mean                  nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::stdev                 nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::0                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::1                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::2                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::3                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::4                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::5                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::6                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::7                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::8                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::max_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::total                   0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.idleRate                        nan                       # Percent of cycles fetch was idle
system.cpu1.fetch.branchRate                      nan                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.fetch.rate                            nan                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.rename.serializeStallCycles             0                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu1.rename.serializingInsts                 0                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.tempSerializingInsts             0                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.skidInsts                        0                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedLoads                   0                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedStores                  0                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingLoads                0                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingStores               0                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean             nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev            nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::0                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::1                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::2                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::3                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::4                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::5                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::6                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::7                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::8                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::total              0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemRead                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::total                     0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.rate                               nan                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_cnt                          0                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_rate                       nan                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                  0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads               0                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads            0                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            0                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores            0                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu1.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu1.iew.iewSquashCycles                     0                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu1.iew.iewBlockCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewUnblockCycles                    0                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispatchedInsts                  0                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispStoreInsts                   0                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                 0                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewIQFullEvents                     0                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                    0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             0                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu1.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect             0                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect            0                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.branchMispredicts                   0                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecutedInsts                    0                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu1.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_refs                           0                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_branches                       0                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_stores                         0                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_rate                         nan                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu1.iew.wb_sent                             0                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu1.iew.wb_count                            0                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu1.iew.wb_producers                        0                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_consumers                        0                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_rate                           nan                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu1.iew.wb_fanout                         nan                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::0            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::1            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::2            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::3            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::4            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::5            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::6            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::7            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::8            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::total            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committedInsts                   0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.commit.committedOps                     0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu1.commit.refs                             0                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu1.commit.loads                            0                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu1.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu1.commit.branches                         0                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu1.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.fp_insts                         0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.int_insts                        0                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.function_calls                   0                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntMult              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemRead              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::total                0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.bw_lim_events                    0                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu1.rob.rob_reads                           0                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu1.rob.rob_writes                          0                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu1.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu1.committedOps                            0                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu1.cpi                                   nan                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu1.cpi_total                             nan                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu1.ipc                                   nan                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu1.ipc_total                             nan                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.replacements                    187673                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                        16384                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                      345704                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                    187673                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      1.842055                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks       12.040959                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst         0.119487                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data     16371.839555                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.000735                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst        0.000007                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data        0.999258                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total                   1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         16384                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          126                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1         1089                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2        10227                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         4924                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           18                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                   4396465                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                  4396465                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks         2477                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total             2477                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks            2                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total                2                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu0.data               484                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                   484                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu0.data         75018                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total             75018                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.data                75502                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                    75502                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.data               75502                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                   75502                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0.data             602                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                 602                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu0.inst            2                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total                2                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu0.data       187046                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total          187046                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.inst                  2                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.data             187648                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                 187650                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.inst                 2                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.data            187648                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                187650                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data     61088000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      61088000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       215000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total       215000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  17775111500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total  17775111500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       215000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  17836199500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total      17836414500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       215000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  17836199500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total     17836414500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks         2477                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         2477                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks            2                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total            2                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0.data          1086                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total              1086                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu0.inst            2                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total              2                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu0.data       262064                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total        262064                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst                2                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.data           263150                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total               263152                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst               2                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.data          263150                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total              263152                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.554328                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.554328                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.713742                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.713742                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data        0.713084                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.713086                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data       0.713084                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.713086                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 101475.083056                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 101475.083056                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       107500                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total       107500                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 95030.695658                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 95030.695658                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       107500                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 95051.370119                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 95051.502798                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       107500                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 95051.370119                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 95051.502798                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                  897                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                       897                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::writebacks           12                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::total            12                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data          602                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            602                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst            2                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total            2                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       187046                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total       187046                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst             2                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        187648                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total            187650                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst            2                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       187648                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total           187650                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     55068000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     55068000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       195000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       195000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  15904631500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  15904631500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       195000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  15959699500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  15959894500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       195000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  15959699500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  15959894500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::writebacks          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.554328                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.554328                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.713742                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.713742                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.713084                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.713086                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.713084                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.713086                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 91475.083056                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 91475.083056                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        97500                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        97500                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 85030.588732                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 85030.588732                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        97500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 85051.263536                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 85051.396216                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        97500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 85051.263536                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 85051.396216                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests        375288                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       187653                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             187050                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          897                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict           186741                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq               602                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp              602                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        187048                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       562940                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total       562940                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 562940                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     12067136                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total     12067136                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                12067136                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples            187650                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                  187650    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total              187650                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer4.occupancy           442492500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer4.utilization               2.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy         1016403000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              6.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests       526306                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       263155                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests          394                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops             47                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops           39                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            8                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp            262068                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         3374                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean            2                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict          447451                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq             1086                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp            1086                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq             2                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       262064                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side            6                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       789454                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total                789460                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side          256                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     17000256                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total               17000512                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                          187673                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                     57408                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples           450825                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.000998                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.032135                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                 450383     99.90%     99.90% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                    434      0.10%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      8      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::5                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::6                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::7                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::8                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total             450825                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy          265632000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              1.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy              3000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy         394728000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             2.6                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
