
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.015267                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 15267344125                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               8320702548125                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                               83766487                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                155971071                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              214988146                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1248940                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                    71.02                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  5948658645                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   11076254424                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.inst             64                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.data       12632832                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total           12632896                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu0.inst           64                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total            64                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks        20224                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total           20224                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.inst               1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.data          197388                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total              197389                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks           316                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total                316                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.inst              4192                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.data         827441361                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total             827445553                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu0.inst         4192                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total             4192                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks         1324657                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total              1324657                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks         1324657                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.inst             4192                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.data        827441361                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total            828770210                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                      197388                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                        316                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                    197388                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                      316                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM               12629888                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                    2944                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                   20480                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                12632832                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys                20224                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                     46                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     3                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0             12123                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1             12061                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2             12390                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3             12599                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4             12821                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5             12643                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6             12572                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7             12259                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8             12126                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9             12291                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10            12263                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11            12103                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12            12373                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13            12298                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14            12070                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15            12350                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3                98                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4                13                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5                30                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6               138                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7                22                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12               19                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                   15267327500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                197388                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6                  316                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                  149953                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                   44746                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                    2617                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                      26                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                     20                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                     20                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                     20                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                     19                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                     19                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                     19                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                     19                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                     19                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                     19                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                     19                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                     20                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                     20                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                     20                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                     20                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                     20                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                     20                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples        97361                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    129.931944                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   111.684858                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev    77.314813                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127        40982     42.09%     42.09% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255        45011     46.23%     88.32% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383         9849     10.12%     98.44% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511         1317      1.35%     99.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639          174      0.18%     99.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767           14      0.01%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895            6      0.01%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023            2      0.00%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151            6      0.01%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total        97361                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples           20                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean    9965.350000                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean   9864.473921                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev   1454.241900                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::7168-7679            2     10.00%     10.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::8704-9215            5     25.00%     35.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::9216-9727            3     15.00%     50.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::10240-10751            5     25.00%     75.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::10752-11263            2     10.00%     85.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::11776-12287            1      5.00%     90.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::12288-12799            1      5.00%     95.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::12800-13311            1      5.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total            20                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples           20                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean             16                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     16.000000                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16               20    100.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total            20                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                   4764504500                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat              8464667000                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                  986710000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     24143.39                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                42893.39                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                       827.25                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                         1.34                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                    827.44                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                      1.32                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         6.47                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     6.46                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.31                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      25.48                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                   100029                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                     274                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 50.69                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                87.54                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                      77223.16                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    50.75                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                349638660                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                185848740                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy               710201520                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy                1571220                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         1205309040.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy           1652721840                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy             24831360                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy      5173683660                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy        89276640                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy                0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy             9393082680                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            615.240123                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime          11576812500                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE     10386000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF     509860000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    232134000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT    3170162750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  11344801375                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                345504600                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                183636255                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy               698820360                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy                  99180                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         1205309040.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy           1631457990                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy             24439680                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy      5143756380                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy       132776640                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy                0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy             9365800125                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            613.453136                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime          11624876250                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE      9462000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF     509860000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    345419250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT    3123116250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  11279486625                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.branchPred.lookups                1224794                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.condPredicted          1224794                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu0.branchPred.condIncorrect            45462                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBLookups              957157                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHitPct             0.000000                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu0.branchPred.usedRAS                  28896                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu0.branchPred.RASInCorrect              4377                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectLookups         957157                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectHits            538563                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectMisses          418594                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu0.branchPredindirectMispredicted        14265                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb.rdAccesses                     596430                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrAccesses                      38927                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.dtb.rdMisses                       135755                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrMisses                          670                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrAccesses                    1046763                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrMisses                         2652                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.workload.numSyscalls                    0                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.numCycles                        30534688                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.fetch.icacheStallCycles           1067120                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu0.fetch.Insts                       3532119                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu0.fetch.Branches                    1224794                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu0.fetch.predictedBranches            567459                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu0.fetch.Cycles                     29354905                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu0.fetch.SquashCycles                  92560                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu0.fetch.TlbCycles                       760                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
system.cpu0.fetch.MiscStallCycles                 617                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu0.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles        25601                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu0.fetch.CacheLines                  1044111                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu0.fetch.IcacheSquashes                 4635                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::samples          30495283                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::mean             0.232538                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::stdev            1.214334                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::0                29092931     95.40%     95.40% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::1                   18375      0.06%     95.46% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::2                  532662      1.75%     97.21% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::3                   18967      0.06%     97.27% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::4                  103520      0.34%     97.61% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::5                   43149      0.14%     97.75% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::6                   73820      0.24%     97.99% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::7                   16912      0.06%     98.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::8                  594947      1.95%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::total            30495283                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.branchRate                 0.040112                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.fetch.rate                       0.115676                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.decode.IdleCycles                  499372                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu0.decode.BlockedCycles             29053708                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu0.decode.RunCycles                   624102                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu0.decode.UnblockCycles               271821                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu0.decode.SquashCycles                 46280                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu0.decode.DecodedInsts               5868578                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu0.rename.SquashCycles                 46280                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu0.rename.IdleCycles                  575312                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu0.rename.BlockCycles               27947200                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu0.rename.serializeStallCycles          9588                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu0.rename.RunCycles                   750638                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu0.rename.UnblockCycles              1166265                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedInsts               5652440                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu0.rename.ROBFullEvents                48578                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu0.rename.IQFullEvents                949331                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu0.rename.LQFullEvents                160243                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu0.rename.SQFullEvents                   515                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedOperands            6747557                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu0.rename.RenameLookups             15777700                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu0.rename.int_rename_lookups         7355356                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.fp_rename_lookups            29896                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.CommittedMaps              2659521                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu0.rename.UndoneMaps                 4088036                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu0.rename.serializingInsts               227                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.tempSerializingInsts           272                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.skidInsts                  1765256                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedLoads             1024265                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedStores              56720                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingLoads             3511                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingStores            3623                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsAdded                   5402186                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu0.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded               3202                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsIssued                  3930440                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued             4459                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined        3190889                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      6768507                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          3202                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     30495283                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        0.128887                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       0.642878                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::0           28796716     94.43%     94.43% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::1             721618      2.37%     96.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::2             364766      1.20%     97.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::3             243131      0.80%     98.79% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::4             223399      0.73%     99.52% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::5              62658      0.21%     99.73% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::6              51458      0.17%     99.90% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::7              18033      0.06%     99.96% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::8              13504      0.04%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       30495283                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                   7432     66.05%     66.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0      0.00%     66.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%     66.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                  826      7.34%     73.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%     73.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%     73.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0      0.00%     73.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0      0.00%     73.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%     73.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0      0.00%     73.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%     73.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%     73.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%     73.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%     73.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%     73.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%     73.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%     73.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%     73.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%     73.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%     73.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%     73.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%     73.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%     73.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%     73.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%     73.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%     73.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%     73.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%     73.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%     73.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     73.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%     73.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemRead                  2636     23.43%     96.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                  194      1.72%     98.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead              139      1.24%     99.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite              25      0.22%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            11562      0.29%      0.29% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu              3239896     82.43%     82.73% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                 812      0.02%     82.75% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                 6967      0.18%     82.92% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd              10624      0.27%     83.19% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     83.19% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     83.19% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     83.19% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     83.19% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0      0.00%     83.19% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0      0.00%     83.19% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     83.19% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     83.19% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     83.19% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     83.19% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     83.19% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     83.19% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0      0.00%     83.19% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     83.19% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     83.19% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     83.19% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     83.19% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     83.19% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     83.19% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     83.19% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     83.19% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     83.19% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     83.19% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0      0.00%     83.19% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     83.19% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     83.19% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     83.19% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead              616332     15.68%     98.87% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite              41940      1.07%     99.94% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead           2235      0.06%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite            72      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::total               3930440                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.rate                          0.128720                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_cnt                      11252                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.002863                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_reads          38344799                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_writes          8569541                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      3791115                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads              27075                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes             26740                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses        11541                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.int_alu_accesses               3916205                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_alu_accesses                  13925                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads            3312                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       606419                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           85                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            4                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        36646                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           24                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked         1173                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu0.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu0.iew.iewSquashCycles                 46280                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu0.iew.iewBlockCycles               26405161                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewUnblockCycles               243412                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispatchedInsts            5405388                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts             2496                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispLoadInsts              1024265                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispStoreInsts               56720                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts              1199                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewIQFullEvents                 12709                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                45027                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             4                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu0.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         25969                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        25306                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.branchMispredicts               51275                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecutedInsts              3872910                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecLoadInsts               596248                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts            57530                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu0.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_refs                      635159                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_branches                  485947                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_stores                     38911                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_rate                    0.126836                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu0.iew.wb_sent                       3812952                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu0.iew.wb_count                      3802656                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu0.iew.wb_producers                  2737503                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_consumers                  4408547                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_rate                      0.124536                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu0.iew.wb_fanout                    0.620954                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu0.commit.commitSquashedInsts        3191321                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu0.commit.branchMispredicts            46279                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     30050529                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.073693                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     0.489282                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     29059535     96.70%     96.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       460672      1.53%     98.24% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       113971      0.38%     98.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       309608      1.03%     99.64% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        44507      0.15%     99.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        21975      0.07%     99.87% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         4968      0.02%     99.88% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         2994      0.01%     99.89% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        32299      0.11%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     30050529                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committedInsts             1108280                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.commit.committedOps               2214499                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu0.commit.refs                        437920                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu0.commit.loads                       417846                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu0.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu0.commit.branches                    402310                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu0.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.fp_insts                      8222                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.int_insts                  2206259                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.function_calls                3550                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass         2470      0.11%      0.11% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu         1760925     79.52%     79.63% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntMult            142      0.01%     79.64% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv            6046      0.27%     79.91% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd          6996      0.32%     80.22% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     80.22% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     80.22% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     80.22% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.22% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     80.22% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0      0.00%     80.22% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     80.22% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     80.22% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     80.22% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     80.22% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     80.22% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     80.22% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     80.22% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0      0.00%     80.22% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.22% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     80.22% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     80.22% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     80.22% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     80.22% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     80.22% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     80.22% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     80.22% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     80.22% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     80.22% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     80.22% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.22% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     80.22% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemRead         416620     18.81%     99.04% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite         20074      0.91%     99.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead         1226      0.06%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::total          2214499                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.bw_lim_events                32299                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu0.rob.rob_reads                    35424050                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu0.rob.rob_writes                   11257361                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu0.timesIdled                            284                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu0.idleCycles                          39405                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu0.committedInsts                    1108280                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu0.committedOps                      2214499                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu0.cpi                             27.551420                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu0.cpi_total                       27.551420                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu0.ipc                              0.036296                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu0.ipc_total                        0.036296                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_reads                 3899027                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_writes                3280795                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_reads                    20556                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_writes                   10243                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_reads                  2570464                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_writes                 1080142                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu0.misc_regfile_reads                2058642                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements           222876                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                1024                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs             215859                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           222876                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs             0.968516                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data         1024                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          143                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          794                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           87                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses          2661600                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses         2661600                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data       199108                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         199108                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.data        19294                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         19294                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu0.data       218402                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total          218402                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu0.data       218402                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total         218402                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data       390499                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       390499                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu0.data          780                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          780                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu0.data       391279                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total        391279                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu0.data       391279                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total       391279                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  33980074500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  33980074500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data     28152999                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     28152999                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  34008227499                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  34008227499                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  34008227499                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  34008227499                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data       589607                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       589607                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.data        20074                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        20074                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu0.data       609681                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total       609681                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu0.data       609681                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total       609681                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.662304                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.662304                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.038856                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.038856                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.641777                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.641777                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.641777                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.641777                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 87017.058943                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 87017.058943                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 36093.588462                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 36093.588462                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 86915.544916                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 86915.544916                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 86915.544916                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 86915.544916                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs        14706                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs              667                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    22.047976                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         1993                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total             1993                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       168400                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       168400                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       168403                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       168403                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       168403                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       168403                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       222099                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       222099                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data          777                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          777                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       222876                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       222876                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       222876                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       222876                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  19254245000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  19254245000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     27267499                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     27267499                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  19281512499                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  19281512499                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  19281512499                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  19281512499                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.376690                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.376690                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.038707                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.038707                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.365562                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.365562                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.365562                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.365562                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 86692.173310                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 86692.173310                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 35093.306306                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 35093.306306                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 86512.287097                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 86512.287097                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 86512.287097                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 86512.287097                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements                1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse                1022                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs                1                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs                    0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst         1022                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.998047                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.998047                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1022                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         1021                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.998047                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses          4176445                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses         4176445                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst      1044109                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        1044109                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu0.inst      1044109                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total         1044109                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu0.inst      1044109                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total        1044109                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total            2                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::cpu0.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total             2                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::cpu0.inst            2                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total            2                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       209000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total       209000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       209000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::total       209000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       209000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::total       209000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst      1044111                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1044111                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst      1044111                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total      1044111                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst      1044111                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total      1044111                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000002                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000002                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000002                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000002                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000002                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000002                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       104500                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total       104500                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       104500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total       104500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       104500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total       104500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::writebacks            1                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::total                1                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst            1                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total            1                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       105500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       105500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       105500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total       105500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       105500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total       105500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000001                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000001                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000001                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000001                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000001                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000001                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       105500                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       105500                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       105500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       105500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       105500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       105500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.branchPred.lookups                      0                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.condPredicted                0                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu1.branchPred.condIncorrect                0                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBLookups                   0                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHitPct                  nan                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu1.branchPred.usedRAS                      0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu1.branchPred.RASInCorrect                 0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectLookups              0                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectHits                 0                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectMisses               0                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu1.branchPredindirectMispredicted            0                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu1.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::samples                 0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::mean                  nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::stdev                 nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::0                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::1                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::2                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::3                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::4                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::5                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::6                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::7                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::8                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::max_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::total                   0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.idleRate                        nan                       # Percent of cycles fetch was idle
system.cpu1.fetch.branchRate                      nan                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.fetch.rate                            nan                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.rename.serializeStallCycles             0                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu1.rename.serializingInsts                 0                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.tempSerializingInsts             0                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.skidInsts                        0                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedLoads                   0                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedStores                  0                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingLoads                0                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingStores               0                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean             nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev            nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::0                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::1                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::2                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::3                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::4                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::5                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::6                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::7                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::8                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::total              0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemRead                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::total                     0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.rate                               nan                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_cnt                          0                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_rate                       nan                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                  0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads               0                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads            0                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            0                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores            0                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu1.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu1.iew.iewSquashCycles                     0                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu1.iew.iewBlockCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewUnblockCycles                    0                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispatchedInsts                  0                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispStoreInsts                   0                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                 0                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewIQFullEvents                     0                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                    0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             0                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu1.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect             0                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect            0                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.branchMispredicts                   0                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecutedInsts                    0                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu1.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_refs                           0                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_branches                       0                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_stores                         0                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_rate                         nan                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu1.iew.wb_sent                             0                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu1.iew.wb_count                            0                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu1.iew.wb_producers                        0                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_consumers                        0                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_rate                           nan                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu1.iew.wb_fanout                         nan                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::0            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::1            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::2            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::3            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::4            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::5            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::6            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::7            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::8            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::total            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committedInsts                   0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.commit.committedOps                     0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu1.commit.refs                             0                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu1.commit.loads                            0                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu1.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu1.commit.branches                         0                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu1.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.fp_insts                         0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.int_insts                        0                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.function_calls                   0                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntMult              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemRead              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::total                0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.bw_lim_events                    0                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu1.rob.rob_reads                           0                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu1.rob.rob_writes                          0                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu1.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu1.committedOps                            0                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu1.cpi                                   nan                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu1.cpi_total                             nan                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu1.ipc                                   nan                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu1.ipc_total                             nan                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.replacements                    197391                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                        16384                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                      239916                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                    197391                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      1.215435                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks       13.064200                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst         0.074264                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data     16370.861536                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.000797                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst        0.000005                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data        0.999198                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total                   1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         16384                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          140                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1         1199                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2        10625                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         4390                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           30                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                   3760887                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                  3760887                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks         1993                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total             1993                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks            1                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total                1                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu0.data               580                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                   580                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu0.data         24909                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total             24909                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.data                25489                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                    25489                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.data               25489                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                   25489                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0.data             197                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                 197                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu0.inst            1                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total                1                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu0.data       197190                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total          197190                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.inst                  1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.data             197387                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                 197388                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.inst                 1                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.data            197387                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                197388                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data     19738000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      19738000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       104000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total       104000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  18634949000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total  18634949000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       104000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  18654687000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total      18654791000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       104000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  18654687000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total     18654791000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks         1993                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         1993                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks            1                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total            1                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0.data           777                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total               777                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu0.inst            1                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total              1                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu0.data       222099                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total        222099                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst                1                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.data           222876                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total               222877                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst               1                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.data          222876                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total              222877                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.253539                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.253539                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.887847                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.887847                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data        0.885636                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.885636                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data       0.885636                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.885636                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 100192.893401                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 100192.893401                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       104000                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total       104000                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 94502.505198                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 94502.505198                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       104000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 94508.184430                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 94508.232517                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       104000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 94508.184430                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 94508.232517                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                  316                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                       316                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data          197                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            197                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst            1                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total            1                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       197190                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total       197190                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst             1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        197387                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total            197388                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst            1                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       197387                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total           197388                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     17768000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     17768000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        94000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        94000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  16663049000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  16663049000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        94000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  16680817000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  16680911000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        94000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  16680817000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  16680911000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.253539                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.253539                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.887847                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.887847                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.885636                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.885636                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.885636                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.885636                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 90192.893401                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 90192.893401                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        94000                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        94000                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 84502.505198                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84502.505198                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        94000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 84508.184430                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84508.232517                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        94000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 84508.184430                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84508.232517                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests        394771                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       197388                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             197192                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          316                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict           197067                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq               197                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp              197                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        197191                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       592160                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total       592160                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 592160                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     12653120                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total     12653120                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                12653120                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples            197388                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                  197388    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total              197388                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer4.occupancy           466625500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer4.utilization               3.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy         1066152750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              7.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests       445754                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       222878                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests          550                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops              8                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            8                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp            222100                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         2309                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean            1                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict          417958                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq              777                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp             777                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq             1                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       222099                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side            3                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       668628                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total                668631                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side          128                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     14391616                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total               14391744                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                          197391                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                     20224                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples           420268                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.001330                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.036446                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                 419709     99.87%     99.87% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                    559      0.13%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::5                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::6                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::7                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::8                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total             420268                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy          224871000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              1.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy              1500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy         334314000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             2.2                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
