
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.015267                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 15267344125                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               3435152428125                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                              109847035                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                203474930                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              301967347                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1248940                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                    50.56                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  5553818747                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   10287606712                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.inst             64                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.data       12138240                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total           12138304                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu0.inst           64                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total            64                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks        50048                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total           50048                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.inst               1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.data          189660                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total              189661                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks           782                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total                782                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.inst              4192                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.data         795045943                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total             795050134                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu0.inst         4192                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total             4192                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks         3278108                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total              3278108                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks         3278108                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.inst             4192                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.data        795045943                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total            798328242                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                      189661                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                        782                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                    189661                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                      782                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM               12131264                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                    7040                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                   49664                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                12138304                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys                50048                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                    110                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     6                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0             11649                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1             11330                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2             11529                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3             12174                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4             12887                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5             12598                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6             12187                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7             12023                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8             11772                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9             12057                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10            11785                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11            11690                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12            11514                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13            11473                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14            11621                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15            11262                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3               206                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4                20                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6                24                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8                 5                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9               114                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10              128                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11              176                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12              103                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                   15267330500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                189661                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6                  782                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                  142583                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                   43566                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                    3327                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                      75                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                      4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                      4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                     46                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                     48                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                     48                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                     48                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                     48                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                     48                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                     48                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                     48                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                     48                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                     48                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                     49                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                     48                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                     48                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                     48                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                     48                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                     49                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples        97391                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    125.069134                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   107.476028                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev    76.339753                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127        44304     45.49%     45.49% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255        43029     44.18%     89.67% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383         8615      8.85%     98.52% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511         1238      1.27%     99.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639          153      0.16%     99.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767           23      0.02%     99.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895            7      0.01%     99.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           12      0.01%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151           10      0.01%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total        97391                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples           48                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean    3979.416667                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean   3862.078615                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    960.794326                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::2048-2303            1      2.08%      2.08% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::2304-2559            3      6.25%      8.33% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::2560-2815            3      6.25%     14.58% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::2816-3071            3      6.25%     20.83% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::3072-3327            3      6.25%     27.08% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::3328-3583            4      8.33%     35.42% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::3584-3839            4      8.33%     43.75% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::3840-4095            4      8.33%     52.08% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::4096-4351            7     14.58%     66.67% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::4352-4607            2      4.17%     70.83% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::4608-4863            5     10.42%     81.25% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::4864-5119            4      8.33%     89.58% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::5120-5375            1      2.08%     91.67% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::5376-5631            3      6.25%     97.92% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::6144-6399            1      2.08%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total            48                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples           48                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      16.166667                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     16.157817                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev      0.558620                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16               44     91.67%     91.67% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::18                4      8.33%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total            48                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                   4677558250                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat              8231639500                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                  947755000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     24677.04                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                43427.04                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                       794.59                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                         3.25                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                    795.05                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                      3.28                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         6.23                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     6.21                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    0.03                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.32                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      25.70                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                    92276                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                     659                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 48.68                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                84.92                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                      80167.45                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    48.83                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                352137660                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                187165605                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy               688131780                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy                1305000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         1205309040.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy           1625793330                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy             24394080                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy      5212831830                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy        79423680                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy                0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy             9376492005                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            614.153446                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime          11639035750                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE      9173500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF     509860000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    206988000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT    3109252500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  11432070125                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                343241220                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                182433240                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy               665262360                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy                2745720                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         1205309040.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy           1583748990                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy             24564960                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy      5223339210                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy       105810240                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy                0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy             9336454980                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            611.531050                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime          11729883250                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE      9594000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF     509860000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    275724000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT    3017303500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  11454862625                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.branchPred.lookups                2002376                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.condPredicted          2002376                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu0.branchPred.condIncorrect            99754                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBLookups             1630177                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHitPct             0.000000                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu0.branchPred.usedRAS                  77285                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu0.branchPred.RASInCorrect             11439                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectLookups        1630177                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectHits            815897                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectMisses          814280                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu0.branchPredindirectMispredicted        39768                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb.rdAccesses                     951371                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrAccesses                      94359                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.dtb.rdMisses                       166568                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrMisses                         1683                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrAccesses                    1578553                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrMisses                         8563                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.workload.numSyscalls                    0                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.numCycles                        30534688                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.fetch.icacheStallCycles           1624093                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu0.fetch.Insts                       6079480                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu0.fetch.Branches                    2002376                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu0.fetch.predictedBranches            893182                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu0.fetch.Cycles                     28642957                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu0.fetch.SquashCycles                 204920                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu0.fetch.TlbCycles                      4567                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
system.cpu0.fetch.MiscStallCycles                1912                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu0.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles        75445                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu0.fetch.CacheLines                  1569990                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu0.fetch.IcacheSquashes                14403                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.ItlbSquashes                     14                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::samples          30451434                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::mean             0.402781                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::stdev            1.599080                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::0                28157483     92.47%     92.47% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::1                   41363      0.14%     92.60% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::2                  730324      2.40%     95.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::3                   45655      0.15%     95.15% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::4                  159488      0.52%     95.67% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::5                  101798      0.33%     96.01% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::6                  101950      0.33%     96.34% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::7                   39344      0.13%     96.47% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::8                 1074029      3.53%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::total            30451434                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.branchRate                 0.065577                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.fetch.rate                       0.199101                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.decode.IdleCycles                  877281                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu0.decode.BlockedCycles             27916711                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu0.decode.RunCycles                  1202665                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu0.decode.UnblockCycles               352317                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu0.decode.SquashCycles                102460                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu0.decode.DecodedInsts              10136057                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu0.rename.SquashCycles                102460                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu0.rename.IdleCycles                  997723                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu0.rename.BlockCycles               26530654                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu0.rename.serializeStallCycles         26400                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu0.rename.RunCycles                  1350422                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu0.rename.UnblockCycles              1443775                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedInsts               9674280                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu0.rename.ROBFullEvents                90004                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu0.rename.IQFullEvents               1071825                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu0.rename.LQFullEvents                320226                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu0.rename.SQFullEvents                  1482                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedOperands           11499797                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu0.rename.RenameLookups             26517083                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu0.rename.int_rename_lookups        12963120                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.fp_rename_lookups            65088                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.CommittedMaps              3825781                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu0.rename.UndoneMaps                 7674015                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu0.rename.serializingInsts               384                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.tempSerializingInsts           514                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.skidInsts                  2137155                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedLoads             1657465                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedStores             137978                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingLoads             7947                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingStores            7348                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsAdded                   9059994                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu0.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded               7695                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsIssued                  6536758                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued            10025                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined        5881701                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     11613905                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          7695                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     30451434                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        0.214662                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       0.871446                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::0           27957401     91.81%     91.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::1             913249      3.00%     94.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::2             502184      1.65%     96.46% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::3             346038      1.14%     97.59% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::4             392047      1.29%     98.88% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::5             144057      0.47%     99.35% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::6             115691      0.38%     99.73% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::7              47728      0.16%     99.89% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::8              33039      0.11%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       30451434                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                  19576     71.21%     71.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0      0.00%     71.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%     71.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                 2017      7.34%     78.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%     78.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%     78.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0      0.00%     78.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0      0.00%     78.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%     78.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0      0.00%     78.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%     78.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%     78.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%     78.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%     78.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%     78.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%     78.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%     78.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%     78.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%     78.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%     78.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%     78.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%     78.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%     78.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%     78.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%     78.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%     78.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%     78.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%     78.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%     78.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%     78.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemRead                  5211     18.96%     97.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                  457      1.66%     99.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead              205      0.75%     99.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite              23      0.08%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            30321      0.46%      0.46% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu              5353841     81.90%     82.37% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                1995      0.03%     82.40% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                19006      0.29%     82.69% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd              25005      0.38%     83.07% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     83.07% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     83.07% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     83.07% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     83.07% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0      0.00%     83.07% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0      0.00%     83.07% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     83.07% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     83.07% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     83.07% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     83.07% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     83.07% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     83.07% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0      0.00%     83.07% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     83.07% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     83.07% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     83.07% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     83.07% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     83.07% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     83.07% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     83.07% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     83.07% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     83.07% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     83.07% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0      0.00%     83.07% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     83.07% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     83.07% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     83.07% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead             1000170     15.30%     98.37% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite             101597      1.55%     99.93% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead           4772      0.07%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite            51      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::total               6536758                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.rate                          0.214076                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_cnt                      27489                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.004205                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_reads          43500220                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_writes         14897308                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      6209255                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads              62244                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes             52088                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses        27445                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.int_alu_accesses               6501850                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_alu_accesses                  32076                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads            8179                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      1094619                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          284                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           10                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        82665                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           69                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked         1600                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu0.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu0.iew.iewSquashCycles                102460                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu0.iew.iewBlockCycles               24134417                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewUnblockCycles               291137                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispatchedInsts            9067689                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts             6856                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispLoadInsts              1657465                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispStoreInsts              137978                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts              2817                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewIQFullEvents                 24545                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                83854                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.memOrderViolationEvents            10                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu0.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         48734                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        66933                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.branchMispredicts              115667                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecutedInsts              6385811                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecLoadInsts               950918                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts           150947                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu0.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_refs                     1045250                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_branches                  730488                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_stores                     94332                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_rate                    0.209133                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu0.iew.wb_sent                       6267354                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu0.iew.wb_count                      6236700                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu0.iew.wb_producers                  4658587                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_consumers                  7376760                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_rate                      0.204250                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu0.iew.wb_fanout                    0.631522                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu0.commit.commitSquashedInsts        5882652                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu0.commit.branchMispredicts           102455                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     29600942                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.107631                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     0.633353                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     28308616     95.63%     95.63% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       571775      1.93%     97.57% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       143771      0.49%     98.05% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       361563      1.22%     99.27% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        79369      0.27%     99.54% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        43759      0.15%     99.69% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        11712      0.04%     99.73% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         7577      0.03%     99.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        72800      0.25%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     29600942                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committedInsts             1594783                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.commit.committedOps               3185988                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu0.commit.refs                        618159                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu0.commit.loads                       562846                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu0.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu0.commit.branches                    538717                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu0.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.fp_insts                     22146                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.int_insts                  3163595                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.function_calls                9750                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass         6691      0.21%      0.21% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu         2525590     79.27%     79.48% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntMult            390      0.01%     79.49% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv           16234      0.51%     80.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd         18924      0.59%     80.60% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     80.60% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     80.60% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     80.60% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.60% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     80.60% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0      0.00%     80.60% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     80.60% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     80.60% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     80.60% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     80.60% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     80.60% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     80.60% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     80.60% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0      0.00%     80.60% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.60% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     80.60% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     80.60% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     80.60% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     80.60% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     80.60% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     80.60% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     80.60% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     80.60% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     80.60% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     80.60% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.60% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     80.60% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemRead         559624     17.57%     98.16% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite         55313      1.74%     99.90% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead         3222      0.10%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::total          3185988                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.bw_lim_events                72800                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu0.rob.rob_reads                    38596782                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu0.rob.rob_writes                   18990886                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu0.timesIdled                            691                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu0.idleCycles                          83254                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu0.committedInsts                    1594783                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu0.committedOps                      3185988                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu0.cpi                             19.146610                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu0.cpi_total                       19.146610                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu0.ipc                              0.052229                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu0.ipc_total                        0.052229                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_reads                 6645200                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_writes                5428489                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_reads                    48386                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_writes                   24188                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_reads                  3773773                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_writes                 1723775                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu0.misc_regfile_reads                3238663                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements           264173                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                1024                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs             518109                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           264173                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs             1.961249                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data         1024                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          135                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          785                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          104                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses          4230273                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses         4230273                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data       457364                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         457364                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.data        54241                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         54241                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu0.data       511605                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total          511605                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu0.data       511605                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total         511605                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data       478848                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       478848                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu0.data         1072                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         1072                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu0.data       479920                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total        479920                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu0.data       479920                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total       479920                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  35374141000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  35374141000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data     63665000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     63665000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  35437806000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  35437806000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  35437806000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  35437806000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data       936212                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       936212                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.data        55313                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        55313                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu0.data       991525                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total       991525                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu0.data       991525                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total       991525                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.511474                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.511474                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.019381                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.019381                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.484022                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.484022                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.484022                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.484022                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 73873.423299                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 73873.423299                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 59388.992537                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 59388.992537                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 73841.069345                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 73841.069345                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 73841.069345                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 73841.069345                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs        32380                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs             1155                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    28.034632                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         2430                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total             2430                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       215735                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       215735                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data           11                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       215746                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       215746                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       215746                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       215746                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       263113                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       263113                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         1061                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         1061                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       264174                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       264174                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       264174                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       264174                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  19164741000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  19164741000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     61694000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     61694000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  19226435000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  19226435000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  19226435000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  19226435000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.281040                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.281040                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.019182                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.019182                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.266432                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.266432                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.266432                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.266432                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 72838.442038                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 72838.442038                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 58147.031103                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 58147.031103                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 72779.437038                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 72779.437038                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 72779.437038                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 72779.437038                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements                1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse                1021                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs                471                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs                1                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs                  471                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst         1021                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.997070                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.997070                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1021                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         1021                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.997070                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses          6279961                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses         6279961                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst      1569989                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        1569989                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu0.inst      1569989                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total         1569989                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu0.inst      1569989                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total        1569989                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total            1                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::cpu0.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total             1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::cpu0.inst            1                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total            1                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       108500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total       108500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       108500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::total       108500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       108500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::total       108500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst      1569990                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1569990                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst      1569990                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total      1569990                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst      1569990                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total      1569990                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000001                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000001                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000001                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000001                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000001                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000001                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       108500                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total       108500                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       108500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total       108500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       108500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total       108500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::writebacks            1                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::total                1                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst            1                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total            1                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       107500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       107500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       107500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total       107500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       107500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total       107500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000001                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000001                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000001                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000001                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000001                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000001                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       107500                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       107500                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       107500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       107500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       107500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       107500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.branchPred.lookups                      0                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.condPredicted                0                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu1.branchPred.condIncorrect                0                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBLookups                   0                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHitPct                  nan                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu1.branchPred.usedRAS                      0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu1.branchPred.RASInCorrect                 0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectLookups              0                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectHits                 0                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectMisses               0                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu1.branchPredindirectMispredicted            0                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu1.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::samples                 0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::mean                  nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::stdev                 nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::0                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::1                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::2                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::3                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::4                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::5                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::6                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::7                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::8                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::max_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::total                   0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.idleRate                        nan                       # Percent of cycles fetch was idle
system.cpu1.fetch.branchRate                      nan                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.fetch.rate                            nan                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.rename.serializeStallCycles             0                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu1.rename.serializingInsts                 0                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.tempSerializingInsts             0                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.skidInsts                        0                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedLoads                   0                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedStores                  0                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingLoads                0                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingStores               0                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean             nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev            nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::0                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::1                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::2                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::3                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::4                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::5                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::6                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::7                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::8                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::total              0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemRead                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::total                     0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.rate                               nan                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_cnt                          0                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_rate                       nan                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                  0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads               0                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads            0                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            0                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores            0                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu1.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu1.iew.iewSquashCycles                     0                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu1.iew.iewBlockCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewUnblockCycles                    0                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispatchedInsts                  0                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispStoreInsts                   0                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                 0                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewIQFullEvents                     0                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                    0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             0                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu1.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect             0                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect            0                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.branchMispredicts                   0                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecutedInsts                    0                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu1.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_refs                           0                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_branches                       0                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_stores                         0                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_rate                         nan                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu1.iew.wb_sent                             0                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu1.iew.wb_count                            0                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu1.iew.wb_producers                        0                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_consumers                        0                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_rate                           nan                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu1.iew.wb_fanout                         nan                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::0            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::1            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::2            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::3            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::4            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::5            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::6            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::7            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::8            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::total            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committedInsts                   0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.commit.committedOps                     0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu1.commit.refs                             0                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu1.commit.loads                            0                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu1.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu1.commit.branches                         0                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu1.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.fp_insts                         0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.int_insts                        0                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.function_calls                   0                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntMult              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemRead              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::total                0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.bw_lim_events                    0                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu1.rob.rob_reads                           0                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu1.rob.rob_writes                          0                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu1.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu1.committedOps                            0                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu1.cpi                                   nan                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu1.cpi_total                             nan                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu1.ipc                                   nan                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu1.ipc_total                             nan                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.replacements                    189675                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                        16384                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                      331575                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                    189675                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      1.748122                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks       12.453115                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst         0.075069                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data     16371.471816                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.000760                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst        0.000005                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data        0.999235                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total                   1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         16384                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          131                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1         1199                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2        10374                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         4654                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           26                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                   4414683                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                  4414683                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks         2430                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total             2430                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks            1                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total                1                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu0.data               530                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                   530                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu0.data         73984                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total             73984                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.data                74514                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                    74514                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.data               74514                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                   74514                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0.data             531                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                 531                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu0.inst            1                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total                1                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu0.data       189129                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total          189129                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.inst                  1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.data             189660                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                 189661                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.inst                 1                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.data            189660                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                189661                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data     54302500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      54302500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       106000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total       106000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  17959105500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total  17959105500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       106000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  18013408000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total      18013514000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       106000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  18013408000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total     18013514000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks         2430                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         2430                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks            1                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total            1                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0.data          1061                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total              1061                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu0.inst            1                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total              1                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu0.data       263113                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total        263113                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst                1                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.data           264174                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total               264175                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst               1                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.data          264174                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total              264175                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.500471                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.500471                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.718813                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.718813                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data        0.717936                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.717937                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data       0.717936                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.717937                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 102264.595104                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 102264.595104                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       106000                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total       106000                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 94956.910363                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 94956.910363                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       106000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 94977.370031                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 94977.428148                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       106000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 94977.370031                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 94977.428148                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                  782                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                       782                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::writebacks            5                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::total             5                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data          531                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            531                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst            1                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total            1                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       189129                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total       189129                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst             1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        189660                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total            189661                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst            1                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       189660                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total           189661                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     48992500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     48992500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        96000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        96000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  16067825500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  16067825500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        96000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  16116818000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  16116914000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        96000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  16116818000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  16116914000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::writebacks          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.500471                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.500471                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.718813                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.718813                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.717936                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.717937                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.717936                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.717937                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 92264.595104                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 92264.595104                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        96000                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        96000                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 84956.963237                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84956.963237                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        96000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 84977.422757                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84977.480874                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        96000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 84977.422757                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84977.480874                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests        379315                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       189661                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             189129                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          782                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict           188872                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq               531                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp              531                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        189130                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       568975                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total       568975                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 568975                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     12188288                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total     12188288                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                12188288                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples            189661                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                  189661    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total              189661                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer4.occupancy           446398000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer4.utilization               2.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy         1026443750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              6.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests       528349                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       264174                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests          438                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops             26                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops           22                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            4                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp            263113                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         3212                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean            1                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict          450636                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq             1061                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp            1061                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq             1                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       263113                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side            3                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       792520                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total                792523                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side          128                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     17062592                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total               17062720                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                          189675                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                     50048                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples           453850                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.001031                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.032369                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                 453386     99.90%     99.90% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                    460      0.10%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      4      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::5                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::6                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::7                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::8                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total             453850                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy          266605500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              1.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy              1500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy         396259500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             2.6                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
