
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.015267                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 15267344125                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               412218291375                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                2117235                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                  3998522                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               34749776                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1218644                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                   439.35                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   930208933                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                    1756753965                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.inst            128                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.data         252928                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total             253056                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu0.inst          128                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total           128                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks       232192                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total          232192                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.inst               2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.data            3952                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total                3954                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks          3628                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total               3628                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.inst              8384                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.data          16566601                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total              16574985                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu0.inst         8384                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total             8384                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks        15208408                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total             15208408                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks        15208408                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.inst             8384                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.data         16566601                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total             31783393                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                        3954                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                       3628                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                      3954                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                     3628                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM                 253056                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                       0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                  231744                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                  253056                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys               232192                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                      0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0               385                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1               384                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2               299                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3               256                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4               257                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5               247                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6               130                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7               267                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8               241                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9               174                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10              152                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11              256                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12              256                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13              256                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14              188                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15              206                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0               372                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1               377                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2               297                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3               256                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4               258                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5               236                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6               114                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7               266                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8               200                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9               174                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10              152                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11              254                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12              241                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13              128                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14              104                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15              192                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                   15265905000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                  3954                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6                 3628                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                    3943                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                      11                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                    185                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                    186                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                    203                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                    203                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                    203                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                    203                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                    203                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                    203                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                    203                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                    204                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                    204                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                    204                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                    204                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                    204                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                    206                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                    204                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                    203                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                    203                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples         4635                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    104.609277                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean    77.689312                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev   147.634754                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127         4037     87.10%     87.10% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255          268      5.78%     92.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383           96      2.07%     94.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511           60      1.29%     96.25% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639           40      0.86%     97.11% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767           36      0.78%     97.89% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895           34      0.73%     98.62% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           31      0.67%     99.29% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151           33      0.71%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total         4635                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples          203                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean      19.433498                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean     19.323657                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev      2.147820                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::16                8      3.94%      3.94% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::17                7      3.45%      7.39% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::18               83     40.89%     48.28% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::19               19      9.36%     57.64% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::20               34     16.75%     74.38% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::21               24     11.82%     86.21% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::22               12      5.91%     92.12% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::23                3      1.48%     93.60% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::24                6      2.96%     96.55% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::25                3      1.48%     98.03% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::26                2      0.99%     99.01% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::27                1      0.49%     99.51% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::28                1      0.49%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total           203                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples          203                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      17.837438                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     17.827804                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev      0.570025                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16               17      8.37%      8.37% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::17                1      0.49%      8.87% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::18              183     90.15%     99.01% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::19                2      0.99%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total           203                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                    375473750                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat               449611250                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                   19770000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     94960.48                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat               113710.48                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                        16.57                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                        15.18                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                     16.57                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                     15.21                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         0.25                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     0.13                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    0.12                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      24.64                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                       62                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                    2879                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                  1.57                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                79.36                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                    2013440.39                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    38.79                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                 18706800                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                  9942900                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy                15886500                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy               11358720                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         1338071280.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy            565181790                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy             58686720                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy      3136984170                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy      2492873760                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy        287153340                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy             7936997220                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            519.867578                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime          13868835000                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE    103978250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF     568060000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF    499056250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN   6491844250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT     724966000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   6879439375                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                 14379960                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                  7646925                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy                12345060                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy                7542900                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         1151220720.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy            439236300                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy             48366720                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy      2829779820                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy      2079111840                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy        756431820                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy             7346628585                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            481.198860                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime          14174621500                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE     80056250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF     488636000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF   2556878500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN   5414470875                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT     521677000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   6205625500                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.branchPred.lookups               13230726                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.condPredicted         13230726                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu0.branchPred.condIncorrect          1065098                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBLookups            11012585                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHitPct             0.000000                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu0.branchPred.usedRAS                 963207                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu0.branchPred.RASInCorrect            209576                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectLookups       11012585                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectHits           3646530                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectMisses         7366055                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu0.branchPredindirectMispredicted       764470                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb.rdAccesses                   10014945                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrAccesses                    7520633                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.dtb.rdMisses                       134108                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrMisses                        45093                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrAccesses                    8942124                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrMisses                        11044                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.workload.numSyscalls                   24                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.numCycles                        30534688                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.fetch.icacheStallCycles           9656248                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu0.fetch.Insts                      59693227                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu0.fetch.Branches                   13230726                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu0.fetch.predictedBranches           4609737                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu0.fetch.Cycles                     19748400                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu0.fetch.SquashCycles                2143516                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu0.fetch.MiscStallCycles                6313                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu0.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles        51704                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu0.fetch.CacheLines                  8931080                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu0.fetch.IcacheSquashes               266281                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::samples          30534423                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::mean             3.734360                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::stdev            3.577294                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::0                12357308     40.47%     40.47% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::1                  852021      2.79%     43.26% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::2                 1252566      4.10%     47.36% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::3                 1426976      4.67%     52.04% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::4                 1114016      3.65%     55.68% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::5                 1127491      3.69%     59.38% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::6                 1026032      3.36%     62.74% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::7                  885356      2.90%     65.64% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::8                10492657     34.36%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::total            30534423                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.branchRate                 0.433301                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.fetch.rate                       1.954932                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.decode.IdleCycles                 8546204                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu0.decode.BlockedCycles              4341048                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu0.decode.RunCycles                 15620633                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu0.decode.UnblockCycles               954780                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu0.decode.SquashCycles               1071758                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu0.decode.DecodedInsts             108535207                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu0.rename.SquashCycles               1071758                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu0.rename.IdleCycles                 9308483                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu0.rename.BlockCycles                3203493                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu0.rename.serializeStallCycles         35144                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu0.rename.RunCycles                 15750707                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu0.rename.UnblockCycles              1164838                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedInsts             103549654                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu0.rename.ROBFullEvents                  337                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu0.rename.IQFullEvents                 71122                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu0.rename.LQFullEvents                    72                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu0.rename.SQFullEvents               1034061                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedOperands          110187471                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu0.rename.RenameLookups            260754345                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu0.rename.int_rename_lookups       155451928                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.fp_rename_lookups          3234980                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.CommittedMaps             69071105                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu0.rename.UndoneMaps                41116345                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu0.rename.serializingInsts              1400                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.tempSerializingInsts          1903                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.skidInsts                   995843                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedLoads            11850981                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedStores            8910648                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingLoads           488306                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingStores          199134                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsAdded                  93335964                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu0.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded              67721                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsIssued                 83466279                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued           453950                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       28768595                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     41631159                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         67697                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     30534423                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        2.733514                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       2.524770                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::0            9747469     31.92%     31.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::1            2842389      9.31%     41.23% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::2            3070228     10.05%     51.29% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::3            3116217     10.21%     61.49% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::4            3175271     10.40%     71.89% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::5            2792352      9.14%     81.04% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::6            3101569     10.16%     91.19% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::7            1648899      5.40%     96.59% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::8            1040029      3.41%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       30534423                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                 801291     73.51%     73.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0      0.00%     73.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%     73.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                14627      1.34%     74.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%     74.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%     74.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0      0.00%     74.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0      0.00%     74.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%     74.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0      0.00%     74.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%     74.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%     74.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%     74.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%     74.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%     74.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%     74.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%     74.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%     74.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%     74.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%     74.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%     74.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%     74.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%     74.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%     74.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%     74.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%     74.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%     74.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%     74.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%     74.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     74.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%     74.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemRead                100139      9.19%     84.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                85837      7.87%     91.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead              434      0.04%     91.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite           87745      8.05%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass           507466      0.61%      0.61% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu             63233148     75.76%     76.37% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult               72392      0.09%     76.45% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                87418      0.10%     76.56% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            1183013      1.42%     77.98% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     77.98% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     77.98% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     77.98% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     77.98% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0      0.00%     77.98% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0      0.00%     77.98% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     77.98% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     77.98% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     77.98% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     77.98% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     77.98% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     77.98% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0      0.00%     77.98% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     77.98% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     77.98% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     77.98% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     77.98% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     77.98% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     77.98% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     77.98% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     77.98% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     77.98% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     77.98% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0      0.00%     77.98% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     77.98% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     77.98% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     77.98% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead            10132411     12.14%     90.12% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite            7566550      9.07%     99.18% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead         403587      0.48%     99.66% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite        280294      0.34%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::total              83466279                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.rate                          2.733490                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_cnt                    1090073                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.013060                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_reads         195020010                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_writes        119032861                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     77996210                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            3990992                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes           3140481                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1809487                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.int_alu_accesses              82035399                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_alu_accesses                2013487                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         1273665                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      4113220                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses        10763                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         3152                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores      2574613                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          157                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu0.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu0.iew.iewSquashCycles               1071758                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu0.iew.iewBlockCycles                3261176                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewUnblockCycles                 3547                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispatchedInsts           93403685                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts            16320                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispLoadInsts             11850981                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispStoreInsts             8910648                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts             23940                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewIQFullEvents                   119                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                 3378                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          3152                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu0.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        294840                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1114048                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.branchMispredicts             1408888                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecutedInsts             80937544                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecLoadInsts             10007715                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts          2528733                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu0.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_refs                    17521195                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_branches                 8776896                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_stores                   7513480                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_rate                    2.650675                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu0.iew.wb_sent                      80401126                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu0.iew.wb_count                     79805697                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu0.iew.wb_producers                 55762714                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_consumers                 87346977                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_rate                      2.613608                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu0.iew.wb_fanout                    0.638405                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu0.commit.commitSquashedInsts       28768983                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu0.commit.commitNonSpecStalls             24                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu0.commit.branchMispredicts          1071109                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     26204182                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     2.466594                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     2.742682                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      9317438     35.56%     35.56% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      3793927     14.48%     50.04% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      2645703     10.10%     60.13% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      3592660     13.71%     73.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      1133069      4.32%     78.17% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1149203      4.39%     82.55% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       807277      3.08%     85.63% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       469427      1.79%     87.42% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      3295478     12.58%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     26204182                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committedInsts            34127013                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.commit.committedOps              64635079                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu0.commit.refs                      14073786                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu0.commit.loads                      7737753                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu0.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu0.commit.branches                   7519710                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu0.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.fp_insts                   1315868                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.int_insts                 63646623                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.function_calls              467397                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass       262064      0.41%      0.41% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu        49173794     76.08%     76.48% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntMult          54852      0.08%     76.57% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv           76587      0.12%     76.69% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd        993996      1.54%     78.23% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     78.23% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     78.23% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.23% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.23% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     78.23% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.23% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.23% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     78.23% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.23% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     78.23% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     78.23% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     78.23% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     78.23% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0      0.00%     78.23% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.23% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.23% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.23% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     78.23% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.23% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.23% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.23% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.23% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.23% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.23% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.23% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.23% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.23% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemRead        7459668     11.54%     89.77% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite       6336033      9.80%     99.57% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead       278085      0.43%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::total         64635079                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.bw_lim_events              3295478                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu0.rob.rob_reads                   116312766                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu0.rob.rob_writes                  191225728                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu0.timesIdled                             29                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu0.idleCycles                            265                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu0.committedInsts                   34127013                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu0.committedOps                     64635079                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu0.cpi                              0.894737                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu0.cpi_total                        0.894737                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu0.ipc                              1.117647                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu0.ipc_total                        1.117647                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_reads               117052963                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_writes               62509461                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_reads                  2549731                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_writes                 1262793                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_reads                 40846994                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_writes                21371701                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu0.misc_regfile_reads               35573963                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements             5339                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                1024                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs            3423966                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs             5339                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs           641.312231                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data         1024                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            4                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           25                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          245                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          522                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          228                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         59790419                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses        59790419                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data      8602522                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        8602522                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.data      6335856                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       6335856                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu0.data     14938378                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total        14938378                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu0.data     14938378                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total       14938378                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data         4515                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         4515                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu0.data         3377                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         3377                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu0.data         7892                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total          7892                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu0.data         7892                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total         7892                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    275288500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    275288500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    523411000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    523411000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data    798699500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    798699500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data    798699500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    798699500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data      8607037                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8607037                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.data      6339233                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      6339233                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu0.data     14946270                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total     14946270                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu0.data     14946270                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total     14946270                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.000525                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000525                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.000533                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000533                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.000528                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000528                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.000528                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000528                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 60971.982281                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 60971.982281                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 154992.893100                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 154992.893100                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 101203.687278                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 101203.687278                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 101203.687278                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 101203.687278                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         4073                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total             4073                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data         2531                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         2531                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data           20                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           20                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.data         2551                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         2551                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.data         2551                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         2551                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         1984                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1984                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         3357                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         3357                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         5341                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         5341                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         5341                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         5341                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    157126000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    157126000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    517686500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    517686500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    674812500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    674812500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    674812500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    674812500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.000231                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000231                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.000530                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000530                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.000357                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000357                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.000357                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000357                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 79196.572581                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 79196.572581                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 154211.051534                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 154211.051534                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 126345.721775                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 126345.721775                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 126345.721775                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 126345.721775                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements             1396                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse         1022.000009                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs             294507                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs             1396                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs           210.964900                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst  1022.000009                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.998047                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.998047                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1022                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            4                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           17                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          999                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.998047                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses         35725718                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses        35725718                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst      8929628                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        8929628                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu0.inst      8929628                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total         8929628                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu0.inst      8929628                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total        8929628                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.inst         1452                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         1452                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::cpu0.inst         1452                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total          1452                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::cpu0.inst         1452                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total         1452                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     18641500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     18641500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     18641500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     18641500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     18641500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     18641500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst      8931080                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8931080                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst      8931080                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total      8931080                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst      8931080                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total      8931080                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000163                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000163                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000163                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000163                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000163                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000163                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 12838.498623                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 12838.498623                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 12838.498623                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 12838.498623                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 12838.498623                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 12838.498623                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::writebacks         1396                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::total             1396                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst           54                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           54                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst           54                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           54                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst           54                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           54                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst         1398                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1398                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst         1398                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1398                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst         1398                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1398                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     16930500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     16930500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     16930500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     16930500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     16930500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     16930500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000157                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000157                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000157                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000157                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000157                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000157                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 12110.515021                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12110.515021                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 12110.515021                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12110.515021                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 12110.515021                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12110.515021                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.branchPred.lookups                      0                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.condPredicted                0                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu1.branchPred.condIncorrect                0                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBLookups                   0                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHitPct                  nan                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu1.branchPred.usedRAS                      0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu1.branchPred.RASInCorrect                 0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectLookups              0                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectHits                 0                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectMisses               0                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu1.branchPredindirectMispredicted            0                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu1.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::samples                 0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::mean                  nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::stdev                 nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::0                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::1                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::2                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::3                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::4                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::5                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::6                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::7                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::8                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::max_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::total                   0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.idleRate                        nan                       # Percent of cycles fetch was idle
system.cpu1.fetch.branchRate                      nan                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.fetch.rate                            nan                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.rename.serializeStallCycles             0                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu1.rename.serializingInsts                 0                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.tempSerializingInsts             0                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.skidInsts                        0                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedLoads                   0                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedStores                  0                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingLoads                0                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingStores               0                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean             nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev            nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::0                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::1                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::2                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::3                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::4                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::5                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::6                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::7                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::8                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::total              0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemRead                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::total                     0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.rate                               nan                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_cnt                          0                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_rate                       nan                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                  0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads               0                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads            0                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            0                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores            0                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu1.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu1.iew.iewSquashCycles                     0                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu1.iew.iewBlockCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewUnblockCycles                    0                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispatchedInsts                  0                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispStoreInsts                   0                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                 0                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewIQFullEvents                     0                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                    0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             0                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu1.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect             0                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect            0                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.branchMispredicts                   0                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecutedInsts                    0                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu1.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_refs                           0                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_branches                       0                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_stores                         0                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_rate                         nan                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu1.iew.wb_sent                             0                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu1.iew.wb_count                            0                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu1.iew.wb_producers                        0                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_consumers                        0                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_rate                           nan                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu1.iew.wb_fanout                         nan                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::0            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::1            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::2            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::3            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::4            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::5            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::6            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::7            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::8            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::total            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committedInsts                   0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.commit.committedOps                     0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu1.commit.refs                             0                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu1.commit.loads                            0                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu1.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu1.commit.branches                         0                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu1.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.fp_insts                         0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.int_insts                        0                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.function_calls                   0                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntMult              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemRead              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::total                0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.bw_lim_events                    0                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu1.rob.rob_reads                           0                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu1.rob.rob_writes                          0                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu1.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu1.committedOps                            0                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu1.cpi                                   nan                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu1.cpi_total                             nan                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu1.ipc                                   nan                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu1.ipc_total                             nan                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.replacements                      3963                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                        16384                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                        4600                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                      3963                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      1.160737                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks       53.955098                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst        25.969803                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data     16304.075099                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.003293                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst        0.001585                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data        0.995122                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total                   1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         16384                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           23                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          233                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         2336                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4        13789                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                    111707                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                   111707                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks         4073                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total             4073                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks         1396                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total             1396                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu0.data                 5                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                     5                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu0.inst           1394                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::total               1394                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu0.data          1382                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total              1382                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.inst                 1394                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.data                 1387                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                     2781                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.inst                1394                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.data                1387                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                    2781                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu0.data              2                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::total                  2                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0.data            3353                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                3353                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu0.inst            2                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total                2                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu0.data          599                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total             599                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.inst                  2                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.data               3952                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                   3954                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.inst                 2                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.data              3952                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                  3954                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    512724500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     512724500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       193500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total       193500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    139351500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total    139351500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       193500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data    652076000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total        652269500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       193500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data    652076000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total       652269500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks         4073                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         4073                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks         1396                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total         1396                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu0.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total                2                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0.data          3358                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total              3358                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu0.inst         1396                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total           1396                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu0.data         1981                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total          1981                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst             1396                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.data             5339                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total                 6735                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst            1396                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.data            5339                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total                6735                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total               1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.998511                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.998511                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.001433                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total      0.001433                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.302373                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.302373                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst        0.001433                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data        0.740214                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.587082                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst       0.001433                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data       0.740214                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.587082                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 152915.150611                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 152915.150611                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        96750                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total        96750                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 232640.233723                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 232640.233723                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        96750                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 164998.987854                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 164964.466363                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        96750                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 164998.987854                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 164964.466363                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                 3628                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                      3628                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::writebacks            9                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::total             9                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total             2                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         3353                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           3353                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst            2                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total            2                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data          599                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total          599                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst             2                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data          3952                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total              3954                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst            2                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         3952                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total             3954                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data        39000                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        39000                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    479194500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    479194500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       173500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       173500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    133361500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    133361500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       173500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    612556000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    612729500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       173500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    612556000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    612729500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::writebacks          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.998511                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.998511                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.001433                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001433                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.302373                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.302373                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.001433                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.740214                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.587082                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.001433                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.740214                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.587082                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data        19500                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        19500                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 142915.150611                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 142915.150611                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        86750                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        86750                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 222640.233723                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 222640.233723                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        86750                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 154998.987854                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 154964.466363                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        86750                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 154998.987854                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 154964.466363                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests          7916                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests         3962                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp                601                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         3628                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict              332                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq                2                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq              3353                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp             3353                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq           601                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port        11870                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total        11870                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  11870                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       485248                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total       485248                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                  485248                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples              3956                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                    3956    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total                3956                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer4.occupancy            23427500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer4.utilization               0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy           21750500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests        13474                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests         6735                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            8                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops             12                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops           12                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp              3379                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         7701                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean         1396                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict            1601                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq               2                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp              2                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq             3358                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp            3358                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq          1398                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq         1981                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side         4190                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        16021                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total                 20211                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       178688                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       602368                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total                 781056                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                            3965                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                    232320                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples            10702                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.001869                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.043191                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                  10682     99.81%     99.81% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                     20      0.19%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::5                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::6                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::7                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::8                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total              10702                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy           12206000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy           2097000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy           8009500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
