
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.015267                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 15267344125                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               10519200102125                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                               67080965                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                125321382                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              165436085                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1248940                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                    92.29                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  6190594935                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   11565338508                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.inst          25280                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.data       10042624                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total           10067904                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu0.inst        25280                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total         25280                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks      9985408                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total         9985408                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.inst             395                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.data          156916                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total              157311                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks        156022                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total             156022                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.inst           1655822                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.data         657784610                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total             659440432                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu0.inst      1655822                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total          1655822                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks       654037003                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total            654037003                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks       654037003                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.inst          1655822                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.data        657784610                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total           1313477435                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                      157314                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                     156022                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                    157314                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                   156022                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM               10068096                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                       0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                 9985152                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                10068096                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys              9985408                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                      0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0              9477                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1              9842                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2             10209                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3              9753                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4              9481                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5              9878                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6             10079                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7             10215                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8             10234                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9             10058                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10             9925                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11            10013                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12             9636                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13             9389                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14             9604                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15             9521                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0              9410                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1              9819                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2             10051                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3              9679                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4              9368                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5              9865                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6              9993                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7              9972                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8             10092                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9             10033                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10             9924                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11             9990                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12             9519                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13             9334                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14             9535                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15             9434                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                   15267379000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                157314                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6               156022                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                  156193                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                     712                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                     289                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                      99                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                      18                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                     26                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                     28                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                   9645                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                   9697                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                   9738                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                   9737                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                   9747                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                   9750                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                   9745                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                   9761                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                   9759                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                   9774                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                   9775                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                   9764                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                   9763                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                   9785                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                   9758                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                   9746                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      8                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples        27229                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    736.461861                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   578.122556                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev   357.428201                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127         1943      7.14%      7.14% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255         2226      8.18%     15.31% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383         2031      7.46%     22.77% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511         1515      5.56%     28.33% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639         1389      5.10%     33.43% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767         1458      5.35%     38.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895         1377      5.06%     43.85% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023         1289      4.73%     48.58% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151        14001     51.42%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total        27229                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples         9743                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean      16.146156                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean     16.095654                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev      1.550289                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::4-7              11      0.11%      0.11% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::8-11             36      0.37%      0.48% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::12-15            95      0.98%      1.46% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::16-19          9432     96.81%     98.27% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::20-23           119      1.22%     99.49% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::24-27            30      0.31%     99.79% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::28-31             7      0.07%     99.87% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::32-35             4      0.04%     99.91% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::36-39             4      0.04%     99.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::40-43             2      0.02%     99.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::48-51             1      0.01%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::72-75             1      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::76-79             1      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total          9743                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples         9743                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      16.013343                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     16.012029                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev      0.221570                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16             9700     99.56%     99.56% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::17                7      0.07%     99.63% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::18               12      0.12%     99.75% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::19                7      0.07%     99.83% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::20                7      0.07%     99.90% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::21               10      0.10%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total          9743                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                   2889227250                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat              5838864750                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                  786570000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     18365.99                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                37115.99                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                       659.45                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                       654.02                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                    659.45                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                    654.04                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                        10.26                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     5.15                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    5.11                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.01                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      26.15                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                   143692                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                  142406                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 91.34                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                91.27                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                      48725.26                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    91.31                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                 97746600                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                 51934575                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy               563588760                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy              407979540                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         742485120.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy           1497494880                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy             61531200                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy      2089427340                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy       300746400                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy       1595168880                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy             7408124115                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            485.226773                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime          11823041500                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE     40871000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF     314674000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF   6457805000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    783162500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT    3088536750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   4582294875                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                 96704160                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                 51399480                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy               559633200                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy              406434420                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         746172960.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy           1511132130                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy             66773280                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy      2066514480                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy       321054720                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy       1584081780                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy             7409900610                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            485.343132                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime          11779539000                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE     51988500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF     316246000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF   6411661000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    836088000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT    3119570625                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   4531790000                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.branchPred.lookups                1254714                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.condPredicted          1254714                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu0.branchPred.condIncorrect             7183                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBLookups             1245693                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHitPct             0.000000                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu0.branchPred.usedRAS                   3785                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu0.branchPred.RASInCorrect               820                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectLookups        1245693                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectHits           1206725                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectMisses           38968                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu0.branchPredindirectMispredicted         5072                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb.rdAccesses                     363004                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrAccesses                    1237781                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.dtb.rdMisses                          813                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrMisses                         2657                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrAccesses                      56873                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrMisses                          258                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.workload.numSyscalls                   53                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.numCycles                        30534688                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.fetch.icacheStallCycles             80746                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu0.fetch.Insts                       5557169                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu0.fetch.Branches                    1254714                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu0.fetch.predictedBranches           1210510                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu0.fetch.Cycles                     30411637                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu0.fetch.SquashCycles                  15030                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu0.fetch.MiscStallCycles                 153                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu0.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles          985                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu0.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           41                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.cpu0.fetch.CacheLines                    56711                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu0.fetch.IcacheSquashes                 2099                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::samples          30501077                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::mean             0.365936                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::stdev            1.620571                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::0                28873166     94.66%     94.66% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::1                   40419      0.13%     94.80% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::2                   43456      0.14%     94.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::3                  225136      0.74%     95.68% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::4                   28422      0.09%     95.77% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::5                   10540      0.03%     95.80% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::6                   10399      0.03%     95.84% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::7                   26380      0.09%     95.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::8                 1243159      4.08%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::total            30501077                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.branchRate                 0.041091                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.fetch.rate                       0.181995                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.decode.IdleCycles                  396681                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu0.decode.BlockedCycles             28696393                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu0.decode.RunCycles                   642774                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu0.decode.UnblockCycles               757714                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu0.decode.SquashCycles                  7515                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu0.decode.DecodedInsts              11091688                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu0.rename.SquashCycles                  7515                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu0.rename.IdleCycles                  668535                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu0.rename.BlockCycles                 264648                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu0.rename.serializeStallCycles         13904                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu0.rename.RunCycles                  1127388                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu0.rename.UnblockCycles             28419087                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedInsts              11055265                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu0.rename.ROBFullEvents                 1374                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu0.rename.IQFullEvents                 22252                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu0.rename.LQFullEvents                  5842                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu0.rename.SQFullEvents              28126278                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedOperands           14095061                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu0.rename.RenameLookups             23407213                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu0.rename.int_rename_lookups        12705503                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.fp_rename_lookups           377592                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.CommittedMaps             13798920                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu0.rename.UndoneMaps                  296113                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu0.rename.serializingInsts               139                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.tempSerializingInsts           147                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.skidInsts                  4722958                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedLoads              374336                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedStores            1246251                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingLoads            25714                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingStores           20695                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsAdded                  10988663                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu0.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded                836                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsIssued                 10919892                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued             2041                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined         189614                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       276927                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           693                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     30501077                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        0.358017                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       1.229300                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::0           27526627     90.25%     90.25% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::1             480971      1.58%     91.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::2             521611      1.71%     93.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::3             352920      1.16%     94.69% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::4             307154      1.01%     95.70% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::5             989586      3.24%     98.94% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::6             121023      0.40%     99.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::7             175225      0.57%     99.91% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::8              25960      0.09%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       30501077                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                  73372     93.13%     93.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0      0.00%     93.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%     93.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                  447      0.57%     93.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%     93.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%     93.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0      0.00%     93.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0      0.00%     93.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%     93.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0      0.00%     93.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%     93.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%     93.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%     93.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%     93.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%     93.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%     93.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%     93.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%     93.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%     93.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%     93.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%     93.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%     93.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%     93.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%     93.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%     93.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%     93.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%     93.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%     93.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%     93.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     93.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%     93.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemRead                  1017      1.29%     94.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                  241      0.31%     95.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead             3531      4.48%     99.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite             179      0.23%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass             4927      0.05%      0.05% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu              9206951     84.31%     84.36% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                  93      0.00%     84.36% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                  312      0.00%     84.36% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd             102416      0.94%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead              308014      2.82%     88.12% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite            1194400     10.94%     99.06% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead          57946      0.53%     99.59% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite         44833      0.41%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::total              10919892                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.rate                          0.357623                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_cnt                      78787                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.007215                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_reads          51962436                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_writes         10925076                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     10669312                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads             459253                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            254281                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses       225091                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.int_alu_accesses              10762106                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_alu_accesses                 231646                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads            2135                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        26241                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           45                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          258                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        13925                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           16                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked          678                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu0.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu0.iew.iewSquashCycles                  7515                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu0.iew.iewBlockCycles                  65974                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewUnblockCycles               156355                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispatchedInsts           10989499                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts              853                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispLoadInsts               374336                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispStoreInsts             1246251                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts               362                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewIQFullEvents                   489                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.iewLSQFullEvents               155627                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           258                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu0.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect          1985                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         6966                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.branchMispredicts                8951                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecutedInsts             10902871                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecLoadInsts               362808                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts            17021                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu0.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_refs                     1600572                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_branches                 1225704                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_stores                   1237764                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_rate                    0.357065                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu0.iew.wb_sent                      10897877                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu0.iew.wb_count                     10894403                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu0.iew.wb_producers                  7953216                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_consumers                 11118789                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_rate                      0.356788                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu0.iew.wb_fanout                    0.715295                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu0.commit.commitSquashedInsts         189850                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu0.commit.commitNonSpecStalls            143                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu0.commit.branchMispredicts             7320                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     30470869                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.354433                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.256264                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     27595397     90.56%     90.56% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       349889      1.15%     91.71% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       326844      1.07%     92.78% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      1075590      3.53%     96.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        73613      0.24%     96.56% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       650459      2.13%     98.69% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        73299      0.24%     98.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        23234      0.08%     99.01% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       302544      0.99%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     30470869                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committedInsts             5351815                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.commit.committedOps              10799878                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu0.commit.refs                       1580416                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu0.commit.loads                       348091                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu0.commit.membars                         60                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu0.commit.branches                   1218422                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu0.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.fp_insts                    220505                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.int_insts                 10680249                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.function_calls                1127                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass         2685      0.02%      0.02% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu         9116432     84.41%     84.44% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntMult             70      0.00%     84.44% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv             255      0.00%     84.44% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd        100020      0.93%     85.37% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     85.37% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     85.37% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.37% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.37% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     85.37% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0      0.00%     85.37% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.37% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     85.37% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.37% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     85.37% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     85.37% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     85.37% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     85.37% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0      0.00%     85.37% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.37% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.37% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.37% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     85.37% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.37% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.37% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.37% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.37% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.37% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     85.37% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.37% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.37% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.37% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemRead         292941      2.71%     88.08% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite       1188081     11.00%     99.08% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead        55150      0.51%     99.59% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite        44244      0.41%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::total         10799878                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.bw_lim_events               302544                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu0.rob.rob_reads                    41158053                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu0.rob.rob_writes                   22010217                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu0.timesIdled                            313                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu0.idleCycles                          33611                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu0.committedInsts                    5351815                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu0.committedOps                     10799878                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu0.cpi                              5.705483                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu0.cpi_total                        5.705483                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu0.ipc                              0.175270                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu0.ipc_total                        0.175270                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_reads                12462171                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_writes                8249793                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_reads                   350193                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_writes                  179427                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_reads                  6112838                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_writes                 5479098                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu0.misc_regfile_reads                4060382                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements           156969                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                1024                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs            1411088                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           156969                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs             8.989597                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data         1024                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           98                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          825                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          101                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses          6524813                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses         6524813                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data       354862                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         354862                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.data      1076955                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       1076955                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu0.data      1431817                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total         1431817                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu0.data      1431817                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total        1431817                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data         4745                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         4745                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu0.data       155399                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       155399                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu0.data       160144                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total        160144                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu0.data       160144                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total       160144                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    414631000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    414631000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  14010527499                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  14010527499                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  14425158499                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  14425158499                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  14425158499                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  14425158499                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data       359607                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       359607                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.data      1232354                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      1232354                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu0.data      1591961                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1591961                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu0.data      1591961                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1591961                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.013195                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.013195                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.126099                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.126099                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.100595                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.100595                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.100595                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.100595                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 87382.718651                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 87382.718651                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 90158.414784                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 90158.414784                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 90076.172064                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 90076.172064                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 90076.172064                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 90076.172064                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs        16419                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets          332                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs              188                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              3                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    87.335106                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets   110.666667                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       156024                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total           156024                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data         3159                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         3159                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data           10                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.data         3169                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         3169                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.data         3169                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         3169                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         1586                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1586                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       155389                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       155389                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       156975                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       156975                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       156975                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       156975                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    165373000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    165373000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  13853943500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  13853943500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  14019316500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  14019316500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  14019316500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  14019316500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.004410                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004410                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.126091                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.126091                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.098605                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.098605                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.098605                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.098605                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 104270.491803                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104270.491803                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 89156.526524                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 89156.526524                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 89309.230769                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 89309.230769                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 89309.230769                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 89309.230769                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements              681                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse         1021.999245                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs             530284                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs              681                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs           778.684288                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst  1021.999245                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.998046                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.998046                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1022                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           46                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           33                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          122                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          821                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.998047                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses           227529                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses          227529                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst        55886                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total          55886                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu0.inst        55886                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total           55886                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu0.inst        55886                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total          55886                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.inst          825                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          825                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::cpu0.inst          825                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total           825                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::cpu0.inst          825                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total          825                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     61278998                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     61278998                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     61278998                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     61278998                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     61278998                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     61278998                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst        56711                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total        56711                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst        56711                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total        56711                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst        56711                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total        56711                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.014547                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.014547                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.014547                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.014547                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.014547                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.014547                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 74277.573333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 74277.573333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 74277.573333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 74277.573333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 74277.573333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 74277.573333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           72                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                4                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           18                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::writebacks          681                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::total              681                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst          140                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          140                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst          140                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total          140                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst          140                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total          140                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          685                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          685                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          685                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          685                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          685                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          685                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     46593500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     46593500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     46593500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     46593500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     46593500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     46593500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.012079                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.012079                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.012079                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.012079                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.012079                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.012079                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 68019.708029                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 68019.708029                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 68019.708029                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 68019.708029                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 68019.708029                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 68019.708029                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.branchPred.lookups                      0                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.condPredicted                0                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu1.branchPred.condIncorrect                0                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBLookups                   0                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHitPct                  nan                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu1.branchPred.usedRAS                      0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu1.branchPred.RASInCorrect                 0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectLookups              0                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectHits                 0                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectMisses               0                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu1.branchPredindirectMispredicted            0                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu1.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::samples                 0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::mean                  nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::stdev                 nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::0                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::1                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::2                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::3                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::4                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::5                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::6                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::7                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::8                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::max_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::total                   0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.idleRate                        nan                       # Percent of cycles fetch was idle
system.cpu1.fetch.branchRate                      nan                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.fetch.rate                            nan                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.rename.serializeStallCycles             0                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu1.rename.serializingInsts                 0                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.tempSerializingInsts             0                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.skidInsts                        0                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedLoads                   0                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedStores                  0                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingLoads                0                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingStores               0                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean             nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev            nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::0                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::1                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::2                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::3                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::4                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::5                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::6                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::7                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::8                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::total              0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemRead                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::total                     0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.rate                               nan                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_cnt                          0                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_rate                       nan                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                  0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads               0                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads            0                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            0                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores            0                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu1.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu1.iew.iewSquashCycles                     0                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu1.iew.iewBlockCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewUnblockCycles                    0                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispatchedInsts                  0                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispStoreInsts                   0                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                 0                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewIQFullEvents                     0                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                    0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             0                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu1.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect             0                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect            0                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.branchMispredicts                   0                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecutedInsts                    0                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu1.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_refs                           0                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_branches                       0                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_stores                         0                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_rate                         nan                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu1.iew.wb_sent                             0                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu1.iew.wb_count                            0                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu1.iew.wb_producers                        0                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_consumers                        0                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_rate                           nan                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu1.iew.wb_fanout                         nan                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::0            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::1            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::2            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::3            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::4            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::5            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::6            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::7            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::8            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::total            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committedInsts                   0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.commit.committedOps                     0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu1.commit.refs                             0                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu1.commit.loads                            0                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu1.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu1.commit.branches                         0                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu1.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.fp_insts                         0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.int_insts                        0                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.function_calls                   0                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntMult              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemRead              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::total                0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.bw_lim_events                    0                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu1.rob.rob_reads                           0                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu1.rob.rob_writes                          0                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu1.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu1.committedOps                            0                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu1.cpi                                   nan                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu1.cpi_total                             nan                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu1.ipc                                   nan                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu1.ipc_total                             nan                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.replacements                    157914                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                        16384                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                      157474                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                    157914                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      0.997214                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks       49.324958                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst        31.265109                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data     16303.409934                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.003011                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst        0.001908                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data        0.995081                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total                   1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         16384                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          177                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          986                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         9554                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         5667                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                   2680234                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                  2680234                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks       156024                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total           156024                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks          681                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total              681                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu0.data                4                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total                    4                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu0.data                18                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                    18                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu0.inst            286                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::total                286                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu0.data            34                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total                34                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.inst                  286                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.data                   52                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                      338                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.inst                 286                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.data                  52                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                     338                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0.data          155367                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total              155367                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu0.inst          395                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total              395                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu0.data         1552                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total            1552                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.inst                395                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.data             156919                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                 157314                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.inst               395                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.data            156919                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                157314                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  13620598000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total   13620598000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     42533000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total     42533000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    162552500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total    162552500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     42533000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  13783150500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total      13825683500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     42533000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  13783150500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total     13825683500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks       156024                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       156024                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks          681                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total          681                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu0.data            4                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total                4                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0.data        155385                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total            155385                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu0.inst          681                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total            681                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu0.data         1586                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total          1586                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst              681                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.data           156971                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total               157652                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst             681                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.data          156971                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total              157652                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.999884                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.999884                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.580029                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total      0.580029                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.978562                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.978562                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst        0.580029                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data        0.999669                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.997856                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst       0.580029                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data       0.999669                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.997856                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 87667.252377                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 87667.252377                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 107678.481013                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total 107678.481013                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 104737.435567                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 104737.435567                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 107678.481013                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 87836.084222                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 87885.906531                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 107678.481013                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 87836.084222                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 87885.906531                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks               156022                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                    156022                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       155367                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total         155367                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          395                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total          395                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         1552                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total         1552                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst           395                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        156919                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total            157314                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          395                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       156919                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total           157314                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  12066928000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  12066928000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     38583000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     38583000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    147052500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    147052500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     38583000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  12213980500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  12252563500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     38583000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  12213980500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  12252563500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.999884                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999884                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.580029                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.580029                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.978562                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.978562                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.580029                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.999669                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.997856                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.580029                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.999669                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.997856                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 77667.252377                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77667.252377                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 97678.481013                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 97678.481013                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 94750.322165                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 94750.322165                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 97678.481013                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 77836.211676                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77886.033665                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 97678.481013                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 77836.211676                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77886.033665                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests        314672                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       157371                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp               1945                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       156022                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict             1336                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq            155367                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp           155367                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq          1947                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       471984                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total       471984                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 471984                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     20053376                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total     20053376                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                20053376                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples            157314                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                  157314    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total              157314                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer4.occupancy           939395000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer4.utilization               6.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy          827427000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              5.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests       315310                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       157667                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests           88                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops            639                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops          639                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp              2269                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       312046                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean          681                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict            2837                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq               4                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp              4                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq           155385                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp          155385                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq           685                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq         1586                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side         2047                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       470917                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total                472964                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        87168                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     20031552                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total               20118720                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                          157918                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                   9985664                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples           315574                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.002358                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.048498                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                 314830     99.76%     99.76% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                    744      0.24%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::5                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::6                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::7                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::8                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total             315574                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy          314360000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              2.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy           1027500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy         235456498                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             1.5                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
