
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.015267                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 15267344125                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               10595536822750                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                               98274957                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                183669454                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              241279123                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1248940                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                    63.28                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  6218508705                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   11621988659                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.inst          19264                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.data        9999680                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total           10018944                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu0.inst        19264                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total         19264                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks      9907776                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total         9907776                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.inst             301                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.data          156245                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total              156546                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks        154809                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total             154809                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.inst           1261778                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.data         654971809                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total             656233587                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu0.inst      1261778                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total          1261778                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks       648952163                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total            648952163                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks       648952163                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.inst          1261778                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.data        654971809                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total           1305185751                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                      156546                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                     154809                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                    156546                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                   154809                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM               10018944                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                       0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                 9907776                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                10018944                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys              9907776                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                      0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0              9459                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1              9789                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2             10101                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3              9644                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4              9460                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5              9871                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6             10062                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7             10135                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8             10190                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9             10033                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10             9896                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11             9876                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12             9572                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13             9381                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14             9597                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15             9480                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0              9386                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1              9754                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2              9839                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3              9548                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4              9328                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5              9852                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6              9919                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7              9807                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8              9987                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9             10002                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10             9835                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11             9859                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12             9440                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13             9332                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14             9523                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15             9398                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                   15267308000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                156546                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6               154809                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                  155627                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                     586                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                     234                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                      84                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                      14                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                     15                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                     20                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                   9589                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                   9636                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                   9664                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                   9668                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                   9674                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                   9683                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                   9679                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                   9674                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                   9681                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                   9685                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                   9695                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                   9688                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                   9691                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                   9702                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                   9680                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                   9675                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      8                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples        27322                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    729.338116                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   571.621678                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev   357.839847                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127         1883      6.89%      6.89% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255         2470      9.04%     15.93% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383         1914      7.01%     22.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511         1665      6.09%     29.03% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639         1369      5.01%     34.04% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767         1623      5.94%     39.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895         1303      4.77%     44.75% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023         1519      5.56%     50.31% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151        13576     49.69%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total        27322                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples         9671                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean      16.187054                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean     16.128443                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev      1.783140                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::4-7               6      0.06%      0.06% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::8-11             35      0.36%      0.42% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::12-15            86      0.89%      1.31% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::16-19          9357     96.75%     98.07% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::20-23           128      1.32%     99.39% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::24-27            31      0.32%     99.71% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::28-31             7      0.07%     99.78% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::32-35             9      0.09%     99.88% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::36-39             5      0.05%     99.93% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::40-43             2      0.02%     99.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::44-47             1      0.01%     99.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::60-63             1      0.01%     99.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::72-75             1      0.01%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::76-79             2      0.02%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total          9671                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples         9671                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      16.007548                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     16.006812                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev      0.165370                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16             9648     99.76%     99.76% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::17                2      0.02%     99.78% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::18                6      0.06%     99.84% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::19                4      0.04%     99.89% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::20                8      0.08%     99.97% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::21                3      0.03%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total          9671                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                   2874694500                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat              5809932000                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                  782730000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     18363.26                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                37113.26                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                       656.23                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                       648.95                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                    656.23                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                    648.95                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                        10.20                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     5.13                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    5.07                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.01                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      26.16                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                   143020                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                  141013                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 91.36                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                91.09                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                      49035.05                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    91.22                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                 98153580                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                 52169865                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy               560639940                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy              404200260                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         741870480.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy           1496660400                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy             60591360                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy      2091798540                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy       294408000                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy       1599461520                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy             7400065815                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            484.698960                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime          11827114375                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE     40159500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF     314396000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF   6473192750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    766679500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT    3085659250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   4587257125                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                 96925500                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                 51517125                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy               557098500                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy              403902720                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         748016880.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy           1503052380                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy             67627680                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy      2066049930                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy       317762400                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy       1593968460                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy             7405921575                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            485.082508                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime          11788862625                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE     54034000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF     317038000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF   6436750125                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    827477750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT    3101161250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   4530883000                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.branchPred.lookups                1290566                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.condPredicted          1290566                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu0.branchPred.condIncorrect             5880                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBLookups             1283152                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHitPct             0.000000                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu0.branchPred.usedRAS                   3501                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu0.branchPred.RASInCorrect               750                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectLookups        1283152                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectHits           1250464                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectMisses           32688                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu0.branchPredindirectMispredicted         4144                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb.rdAccesses                     420534                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrAccesses                    1278211                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.dtb.rdMisses                          771                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrMisses                         2620                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrAccesses                      46714                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrMisses                          281                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.workload.numSyscalls                   50                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.numCycles                        30534688                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.fetch.icacheStallCycles             66270                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu0.fetch.Insts                       5717192                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu0.fetch.Branches                    1290566                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu0.fetch.predictedBranches           1253965                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu0.fetch.Cycles                     30434422                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu0.fetch.SquashCycles                  12360                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu0.fetch.MiscStallCycles                 160                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu0.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles         1213                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu0.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           16                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.cpu0.fetch.CacheLines                    46511                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu0.fetch.IcacheSquashes                 1709                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::samples          30508261                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::mean             0.380569                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::stdev            1.642495                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::0                28773286     94.31%     94.31% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::1                   48788      0.16%     94.47% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::2                   51164      0.17%     94.64% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::3                  285151      0.93%     95.58% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::4                   30912      0.10%     95.68% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::5                    8287      0.03%     95.70% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::6                    8559      0.03%     95.73% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::7                   29434      0.10%     95.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::8                 1272680      4.17%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::total            30508261                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.branchRate                 0.042266                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.fetch.rate                       0.187236                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.decode.IdleCycles                  397387                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu0.decode.BlockedCycles             28648977                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu0.decode.RunCycles                   675276                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu0.decode.UnblockCycles               780441                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu0.decode.SquashCycles                  6180                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu0.decode.DecodedInsts              11553168                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu0.rename.SquashCycles                  6180                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu0.rename.IdleCycles                  679265                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu0.rename.BlockCycles                 230158                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu0.rename.serializeStallCycles         14355                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu0.rename.RunCycles                  1172826                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu0.rename.UnblockCycles             28405477                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedInsts              11523159                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu0.rename.ROBFullEvents                 1147                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu0.rename.IQFullEvents                 17471                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu0.rename.LQFullEvents                  4821                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu0.rename.SQFullEvents              28106761                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedOperands           14775849                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu0.rename.RenameLookups             24250862                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu0.rename.int_rename_lookups        13268502                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.fp_rename_lookups           301023                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.CommittedMaps             14541170                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu0.rename.UndoneMaps                  234708                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu0.rename.serializingInsts               144                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.tempSerializingInsts           156                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.skidInsts                  4828163                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedLoads              429988                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedStores            1285396                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingLoads            20717                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingStores           23521                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsAdded                  11469428                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu0.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded                756                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsIssued                 11413991                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued             1800                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined         154424                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       224677                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           646                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     30508261                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        0.374128                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       1.262009                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::0           27436629     89.93%     89.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::1             485529      1.59%     91.52% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::2             539101      1.77%     93.29% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::3             352194      1.15%     94.44% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::4             300268      0.98%     95.43% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::5            1026267      3.36%     98.79% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::6             145699      0.48%     99.27% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::7             193515      0.63%     99.90% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::8              29059      0.10%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       30508261                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                  91165     95.47%     95.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0      0.00%     95.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%     95.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                  443      0.46%     95.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%     95.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%     95.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0      0.00%     95.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0      0.00%     95.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%     95.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0      0.00%     95.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%     95.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%     95.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%     95.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%     95.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%     95.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%     95.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%     95.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%     95.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%     95.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%     95.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%     95.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%     95.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%     95.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%     95.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%     95.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%     95.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%     95.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%     95.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%     95.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     95.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%     95.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemRead                   725      0.76%     96.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                  193      0.20%     96.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead             2797      2.93%     99.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite             167      0.17%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass             4061      0.04%      0.04% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu              9625521     84.33%     84.37% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                  82      0.00%     84.37% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                  279      0.00%     84.37% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd              81521      0.71%     85.08% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     85.08% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     85.08% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     85.08% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     85.08% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0      0.00%     85.08% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0      0.00%     85.08% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     85.08% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     85.08% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     85.08% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     85.08% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     85.08% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     85.08% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0      0.00%     85.08% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     85.08% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     85.08% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     85.08% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     85.08% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     85.08% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     85.08% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     85.08% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     85.08% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     85.08% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     85.08% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0      0.00%     85.08% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     85.08% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.08% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     85.08% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead              376851      3.30%     88.39% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite            1241481     10.88%     99.26% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead          46164      0.40%     99.67% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite         38031      0.33%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::total              11413991                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.rate                          0.373804                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_cnt                      95490                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.008366                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_reads          53062932                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_writes         11422077                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     11211780                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads             370603                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            202716                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses       181818                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.int_alu_accesses              11318456                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_alu_accesses                 186964                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads            2058                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        21504                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           55                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          196                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        11772                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           18                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked          470                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu0.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu0.iew.iewSquashCycles                  6180                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu0.iew.iewBlockCycles                  52143                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewUnblockCycles               141706                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispatchedInsts           11470184                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts              749                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispLoadInsts               429988                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispStoreInsts             1285396                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts               338                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewIQFullEvents                   364                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.iewLSQFullEvents               141162                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           196                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu0.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect          1609                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         5814                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.branchMispredicts                7423                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecutedInsts             11400480                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecLoadInsts               420379                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts            13513                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu0.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_refs                     1698577                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_branches                 1266639                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_stores                   1278198                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_rate                    0.373362                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu0.iew.wb_sent                      11396574                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu0.iew.wb_count                     11393598                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu0.iew.wb_producers                  8335673                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_consumers                 11551557                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_rate                      0.373136                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu0.iew.wb_fanout                    0.721606                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu0.commit.commitSquashedInsts         154651                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu0.commit.commitNonSpecStalls            110                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu0.commit.branchMispredicts             6039                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     30483388                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.371211                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.296466                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     27515803     90.26%     90.26% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       358402      1.18%     91.44% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       323017      1.06%     92.50% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      1116641      3.66%     96.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        63858      0.21%     96.37% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       643652      2.11%     98.48% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        90798      0.30%     98.78% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        26810      0.09%     98.87% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       344407      1.13%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     30483388                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committedInsts             5554782                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.commit.committedOps              11315765                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu0.commit.refs                       1682109                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu0.commit.loads                       408484                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu0.commit.membars                         40                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu0.commit.branches                   1260578                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu0.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.fp_insts                    178396                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.int_insts                 11220236                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.function_calls                1050                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass         2236      0.02%      0.02% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu         9551527     84.41%     84.43% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntMult             66      0.00%     84.43% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv             220      0.00%     84.43% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd         79607      0.70%     85.13% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     85.13% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     85.13% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.13% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.13% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     85.13% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0      0.00%     85.13% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.13% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     85.13% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.13% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     85.13% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     85.13% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     85.13% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     85.13% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0      0.00%     85.13% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.13% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.13% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.13% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     85.13% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.13% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.13% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.13% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.13% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.13% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     85.13% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.13% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.13% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.13% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemRead         364291      3.22%     88.35% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite       1235947     10.92%     99.28% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead        44193      0.39%     99.67% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite        37678      0.33%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::total         11315765                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.bw_lim_events               344407                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu0.rob.rob_reads                    41609397                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu0.rob.rob_writes                   22966168                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu0.timesIdled                            257                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu0.idleCycles                          26427                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu0.committedInsts                    5554782                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu0.committedOps                     11315765                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu0.cpi                              5.497009                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu0.cpi_total                        5.497009                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu0.ipc                              0.181917                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu0.ipc_total                        0.181917                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_reads                13070030                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_writes                8704450                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_reads                   281611                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_writes                  143023                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_reads                  6319900                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_writes                 5782147                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu0.misc_regfile_reads                4238400                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements           156316                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                1024                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs            1603052                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           156316                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs            10.255201                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data         1024                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          107                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          917                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses          6920528                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses         6920528                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data       413845                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         413845                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.data      1118611                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       1118611                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu0.data      1532456                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total         1532456                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu0.data      1532456                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total        1532456                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data         3576                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         3576                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu0.data       155021                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       155021                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu0.data       158597                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total        158597                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu0.data       158597                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total       158597                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    321139500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    321139500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  13979455499                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  13979455499                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  14300594999                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  14300594999                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  14300594999                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  14300594999                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data       417421                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       417421                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.data      1273632                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      1273632                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu0.data      1691053                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1691053                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu0.data      1691053                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1691053                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.008567                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.008567                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.121716                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.121716                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.093786                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.093786                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.093786                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.093786                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 89804.110738                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 89804.110738                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 90177.817838                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 90177.817838                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 90169.391596                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 90169.391596                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 90169.391596                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 90169.391596                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs        12655                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets          549                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs              148                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              2                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    85.506757                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets   274.500000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       155370                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total           155370                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data         2267                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         2267                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.data         2276                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         2276                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.data         2276                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         2276                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         1309                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1309                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       155012                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       155012                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       156321                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       156321                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       156321                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       156321                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    135869000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    135869000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  13823661499                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  13823661499                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  13959530499                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  13959530499                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  13959530499                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  13959530499                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.003136                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003136                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.121709                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.121709                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.092440                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.092440                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.092440                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.092440                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 103796.027502                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 103796.027502                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 89178.008793                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 89178.008793                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 89300.417084                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 89300.417084                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 89300.417084                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 89300.417084                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements              560                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse         1020.999236                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs              11511                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs              560                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs            20.555357                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst  1020.999236                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.997070                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.997070                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1021                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          195                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          826                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.997070                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses           186608                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses          186608                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst        45820                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total          45820                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu0.inst        45820                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total           45820                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu0.inst        45820                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total          45820                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.inst          691                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          691                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::cpu0.inst          691                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total           691                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::cpu0.inst          691                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total          691                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     51030499                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     51030499                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     51030499                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     51030499                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     51030499                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     51030499                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst        46511                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total        46511                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst        46511                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total        46511                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst        46511                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total        46511                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.014857                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.014857                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.014857                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.014857                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.014857                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.014857                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 73850.215630                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 73850.215630                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 73850.215630                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 73850.215630                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 73850.215630                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 73850.215630                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           26                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                2                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           13                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::writebacks          560                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::total              560                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst          127                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          127                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst          127                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total          127                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst          127                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total          127                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          564                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          564                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          564                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          564                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          564                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          564                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     36775000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     36775000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     36775000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     36775000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     36775000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     36775000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.012126                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.012126                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.012126                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.012126                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.012126                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.012126                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 65203.900709                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65203.900709                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 65203.900709                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65203.900709                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 65203.900709                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65203.900709                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.branchPred.lookups                      0                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.condPredicted                0                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu1.branchPred.condIncorrect                0                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBLookups                   0                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHitPct                  nan                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu1.branchPred.usedRAS                      0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu1.branchPred.RASInCorrect                 0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectLookups              0                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectHits                 0                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectMisses               0                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu1.branchPredindirectMispredicted            0                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu1.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::samples                 0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::mean                  nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::stdev                 nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::0                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::1                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::2                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::3                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::4                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::5                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::6                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::7                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::8                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::max_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::total                   0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.idleRate                        nan                       # Percent of cycles fetch was idle
system.cpu1.fetch.branchRate                      nan                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.fetch.rate                            nan                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.rename.serializeStallCycles             0                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu1.rename.serializingInsts                 0                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.tempSerializingInsts             0                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.skidInsts                        0                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedLoads                   0                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedStores                  0                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingLoads                0                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingStores               0                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean             nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev            nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::0                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::1                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::2                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::3                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::4                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::5                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::6                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::7                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::8                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::total              0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemRead                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::total                     0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.rate                               nan                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_cnt                          0                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_rate                       nan                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                  0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads               0                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads            0                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            0                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores            0                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu1.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu1.iew.iewSquashCycles                     0                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu1.iew.iewBlockCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewUnblockCycles                    0                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispatchedInsts                  0                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispStoreInsts                   0                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                 0                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewIQFullEvents                     0                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                    0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             0                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu1.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect             0                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect            0                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.branchMispredicts                   0                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecutedInsts                    0                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu1.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_refs                           0                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_branches                       0                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_stores                         0                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_rate                         nan                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu1.iew.wb_sent                             0                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu1.iew.wb_count                            0                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu1.iew.wb_producers                        0                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_consumers                        0                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_rate                           nan                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu1.iew.wb_fanout                         nan                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::0            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::1            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::2            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::3            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::4            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::5            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::6            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::7            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::8            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::total            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committedInsts                   0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.commit.committedOps                     0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu1.commit.refs                             0                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu1.commit.loads                            0                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu1.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu1.commit.branches                         0                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu1.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.fp_insts                         0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.int_insts                        0                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.function_calls                   0                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntMult              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemRead              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::total                0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.bw_lim_events                    0                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu1.rob.rob_reads                           0                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu1.rob.rob_writes                          0                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu1.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu1.committedOps                            0                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu1.cpi                                   nan                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu1.cpi_total                             nan                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu1.ipc                                   nan                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu1.ipc_total                             nan                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.replacements                    157029                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                        16384                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                      156551                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                    157029                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      0.996956                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks       52.894438                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst        33.493360                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data     16297.612202                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.003228                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst        0.002044                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data        0.994727                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total                   1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         16384                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          106                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          954                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         9560                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         5764                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                   2666909                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                  2666909                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks       155370                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total           155370                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks          559                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total              559                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu0.data                4                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total                    4                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu0.data                25                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                    25                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu0.inst            259                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::total                259                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu0.data            47                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total                47                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.inst                  259                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.data                   72                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                      331                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.inst                 259                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.data                  72                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                     331                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0.data          154983                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total              154983                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu0.inst          301                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total              301                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu0.data         1262                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total            1262                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.inst                301                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.data             156245                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                 156546                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.inst               301                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.data            156245                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                156546                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  13590816000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total   13590816000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     33192000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total     33192000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    133338500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total    133338500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     33192000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  13724154500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total      13757346500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     33192000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  13724154500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total     13757346500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks       155370                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       155370                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks          559                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total          559                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu0.data            4                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total                4                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0.data        155008                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total            155008                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu0.inst          560                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total            560                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu0.data         1309                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total          1309                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst              560                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.data           156317                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total               156877                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst             560                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.data          156317                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total              156877                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.999839                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.999839                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.537500                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total      0.537500                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.964095                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.964095                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst        0.537500                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data        0.999539                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.997890                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst       0.537500                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data       0.999539                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.997890                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 87692.301736                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 87692.301736                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 110272.425249                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total 110272.425249                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 105656.497623                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 105656.497623                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 110272.425249                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 87837.399597                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 87880.536711                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 110272.425249                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 87837.399597                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 87880.536711                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks               154809                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                    154809                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       154983                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total         154983                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          301                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total          301                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         1262                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total         1262                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst           301                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        156245                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total            156546                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          301                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       156245                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total           156546                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  12040996000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  12040996000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     30182000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     30182000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    120718500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    120718500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     30182000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  12161714500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  12191896500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     30182000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  12161714500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  12191896500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.999839                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999839                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.537500                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.537500                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.964095                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.964095                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.537500                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.999539                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.997890                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.537500                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.999539                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.997890                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 77692.366260                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77692.366260                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 100272.425249                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 100272.425249                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 95656.497623                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 95656.497623                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 100272.425249                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 77837.463599                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77880.600590                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 100272.425249                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 77837.463599                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77880.600590                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests        312950                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       156420                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp               1563                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       154809                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict             1595                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq            154983                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp           154982                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq          1563                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       469495                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total       469495                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 469495                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     19926656                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total     19926656                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                19926656                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples            156546                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                  156546    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total              156546                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer4.occupancy           932686500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer4.utilization               6.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy          823270500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              5.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests       313761                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       156876                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests           96                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops            717                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops          717                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp              1873                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       310179                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean          560                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict            3166                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq               4                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp              4                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq           155008                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp          155007                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq           564                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq         1309                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side         1684                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       468957                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total                470641                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        71680                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     19947904                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total               20019584                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                          157033                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                   9908032                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples           313914                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.002590                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.050825                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                 313101     99.74%     99.74% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                    813      0.26%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::5                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::6                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::7                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::8                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total             313914                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy          312810500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              2.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy            846000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy         234477497                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             1.5                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
