
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.015267                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 15267344125                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               10794012296375                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                              116882238                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                218655758                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              283681562                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1248940                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                    53.82                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  6290436240                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   11767744733                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.inst          19840                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.data        9993664                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total           10013504                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu0.inst        19840                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total         19840                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks      9914752                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total         9914752                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.inst             310                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.data          156151                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total              156461                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks        154918                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total             154918                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.inst           1299506                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.data         654577765                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total             655877271                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu0.inst      1299506                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total          1299506                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks       649409086                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total            649409086                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks       649409086                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.inst          1299506                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.data        654577765                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total           1305286357                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                      156462                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                     154918                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                    156462                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                   154918                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM               10013568                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                       0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                 9915008                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                10013568                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys              9914752                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                      0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0              9461                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1              9841                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2             10106                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3              9617                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4              9333                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5              9871                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6             10062                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7             10140                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8             10194                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9             10035                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10             9891                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11             9876                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12             9576                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13             9384                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14             9593                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15             9482                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0              9387                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1              9811                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2              9910                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3              9530                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4              9236                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5              9846                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6              9929                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7              9873                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8             10014                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9             10004                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10             9839                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11             9856                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12             9444                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13             9326                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14             9511                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15             9406                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                   15267294000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                156462                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6               154918                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                  155530                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                     591                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                     248                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                      83                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                      10                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                     25                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                     28                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                   9601                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                   9642                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                   9663                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                   9675                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                   9681                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                   9683                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                   9685                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                   9690                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                   9695                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                   9689                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                   9691                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                   9699                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                   9697                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                   9695                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                   9685                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                   9678                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples        27297                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    730.074074                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   573.224094                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev   356.141937                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127         1995      7.31%      7.31% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255         2232      8.18%     15.49% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383         1683      6.17%     21.65% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511         1964      7.19%     28.85% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639         1761      6.45%     35.30% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767         1428      5.23%     40.53% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895         1140      4.18%     44.70% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023         1452      5.32%     50.02% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151        13642     49.98%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total        27297                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples         9675                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean      16.172196                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean     16.122697                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev      1.600894                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::4-7               7      0.07%      0.07% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::8-11             29      0.30%      0.37% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::12-15            77      0.80%      1.17% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::16-19          9389     97.04%     98.21% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::20-23           123      1.27%     99.48% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::24-27            33      0.34%     99.82% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::28-31             5      0.05%     99.88% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::32-35             3      0.03%     99.91% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::36-39             2      0.02%     99.93% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::40-43             3      0.03%     99.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::48-51             1      0.01%     99.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::56-59             1      0.01%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::76-79             2      0.02%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total          9675                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples         9675                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      16.012610                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     16.011303                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev      0.222393                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16             9638     99.62%     99.62% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::17                2      0.02%     99.64% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::18               11      0.11%     99.75% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::19                9      0.09%     99.84% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::20                8      0.08%     99.93% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::21                5      0.05%     99.98% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::22                1      0.01%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::24                1      0.01%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total          9675                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                   2875374750                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat              5809037250                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                  782310000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     18377.46                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                37127.46                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                       655.88                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                       649.43                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                    655.88                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                    649.41                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                        10.20                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     5.12                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    5.07                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.01                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      26.16                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                   142964                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                  141123                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 91.37                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                91.10                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                      49031.07                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    91.23                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                 98210700                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                 52200225                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy               559990200                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy              404664840                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         741255840.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy           1504611900                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy             62014080                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy      2087679150                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy       294010080                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy       1595699640                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy             7400336655                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            484.716700                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime          11806378000                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE     45133250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF     314118000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF   6462366000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    765692750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT    3101714875                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   4578319250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                 96682740                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                 51388095                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy               557141340                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy              404028000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         745558320.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy           1507669950                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy             68597760                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy      2068795050                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy       318118080                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy       1585399080                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy             7403378415                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            484.915933                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime          11749354750                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE     52575750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF     315968000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF   6417143375                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    828477000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT    3116327750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   4536852250                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.branchPred.lookups                1309034                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.condPredicted          1309034                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu0.branchPred.condIncorrect             6151                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBLookups             1301576                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHitPct             0.000000                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu0.branchPred.usedRAS                   3533                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu0.branchPred.RASInCorrect               734                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectLookups        1301576                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectHits           1268314                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectMisses           33262                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu0.branchPredindirectMispredicted         4330                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb.rdAccesses                     346134                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrAccesses                    1295654                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.dtb.rdMisses                          593                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrMisses                         2615                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrAccesses                      47712                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrMisses                          312                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.workload.numSyscalls                   50                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.numCycles                        30534688                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.fetch.icacheStallCycles             67536                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu0.fetch.Insts                       5722309                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu0.fetch.Branches                    1309034                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu0.fetch.predictedBranches           1271847                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu0.fetch.Cycles                     30432818                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu0.fetch.SquashCycles                  13002                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu0.fetch.TlbCycles                       156                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
system.cpu0.fetch.MiscStallCycles                 219                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu0.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles         1387                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu0.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           16                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.cpu0.fetch.CacheLines                    47476                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu0.fetch.IcacheSquashes                 1777                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.ItlbSquashes                      2                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::samples          30508633                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::mean             0.378231                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::stdev            1.649182                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::0                28838547     94.53%     94.53% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::1                   39197      0.13%     94.65% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::2                   42074      0.14%     94.79% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::3                  223965      0.73%     95.53% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::4                   26690      0.09%     95.61% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::5                    8571      0.03%     95.64% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::6                    8827      0.03%     95.67% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::7                   24609      0.08%     95.75% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::8                 1296153      4.25%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::total            30508633                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.branchRate                 0.042870                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.fetch.rate                       0.187404                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.decode.IdleCycles                  415751                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu0.decode.BlockedCycles             28639506                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu0.decode.RunCycles                   631209                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu0.decode.UnblockCycles               815666                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu0.decode.SquashCycles                  6501                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu0.decode.DecodedInsts              11479475                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu0.rename.SquashCycles                  6501                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu0.rename.IdleCycles                  689580                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu0.rename.BlockCycles                 221042                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu0.rename.serializeStallCycles         12996                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu0.rename.RunCycles                  1171995                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu0.rename.UnblockCycles             28406519                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedInsts              11448478                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu0.rename.ROBFullEvents                 1327                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu0.rename.IQFullEvents                 17277                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu0.rename.LQFullEvents                  4753                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu0.rename.SQFullEvents              28115996                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedOperands           14592577                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu0.rename.RenameLookups             24198989                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu0.rename.int_rename_lookups        13140576                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.fp_rename_lookups           303780                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.CommittedMaps             14339922                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu0.rename.UndoneMaps                  252655                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu0.rename.serializingInsts               128                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.tempSerializingInsts           137                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.skidInsts                  4969592                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedLoads              355773                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedStores            1302943                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingLoads            20460                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingStores           17425                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsAdded                  11390870                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu0.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded                722                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsIssued                 11332523                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued             1727                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined         161831                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       235861                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           612                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     30508633                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        0.371453                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       1.247634                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::0           27433599     89.92%     89.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::1             470389      1.54%     91.46% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::2             554198      1.82%     93.28% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::3             347811      1.14%     94.42% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::4             331418      1.09%     95.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::5            1060368      3.48%     98.98% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::6             117661      0.39%     99.37% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::7             168685      0.55%     99.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::8              24504      0.08%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       30508633                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                  72475     94.37%     94.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0      0.00%     94.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%     94.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                  458      0.60%     94.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%     94.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%     94.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0      0.00%     94.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0      0.00%     94.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%     94.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0      0.00%     94.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%     94.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%     94.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%     94.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%     94.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%     94.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%     94.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%     94.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%     94.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%     94.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%     94.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%     94.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%     94.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%     94.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%     94.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%     94.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%     94.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%     94.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%     94.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%     94.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     94.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%     94.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemRead                   728      0.95%     95.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                  189      0.25%     96.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead             2767      3.60%     99.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite             181      0.24%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass             4174      0.04%      0.04% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu              9600746     84.72%     84.76% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                  85      0.00%     84.76% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                  274      0.00%     84.76% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd              81544      0.72%     85.48% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     85.48% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     85.48% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     85.48% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     85.48% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0      0.00%     85.48% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0      0.00%     85.48% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     85.48% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     85.48% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     85.48% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     85.48% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     85.48% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     85.48% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0      0.00%     85.48% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     85.48% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     85.48% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     85.48% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     85.48% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     85.48% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     85.48% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     85.48% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     85.48% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     85.48% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     85.48% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0      0.00%     85.48% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     85.48% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.48% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     85.48% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead              302310      2.67%     88.15% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite            1258776     11.11%     99.25% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead          46431      0.41%     99.66% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite         38183      0.34%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::total              11332523                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.rate                          0.371136                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_cnt                      76798                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.006777                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_reads          52880682                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_writes         11348344                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     11128707                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads             371522                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            205264                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses       182019                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.int_alu_accesses              11217730                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_alu_accesses                 187417                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads            2077                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        22389                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           59                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          195                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        11935                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           20                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked          625                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu0.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu0.iew.iewSquashCycles                  6501                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu0.iew.iewBlockCycles                  51537                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewUnblockCycles               131759                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispatchedInsts           11391592                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts              878                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispLoadInsts               355773                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispStoreInsts             1302943                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts               319                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewIQFullEvents                   347                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.iewLSQFullEvents               131251                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           195                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu0.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect          1731                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         6087                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.branchMispredicts                7818                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecutedInsts             11318043                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecLoadInsts               345980                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts            14480                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu0.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_refs                     1641618                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_branches                 1284284                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_stores                   1295638                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_rate                    0.370662                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu0.iew.wb_sent                      11313741                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu0.iew.wb_count                     11310726                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu0.iew.wb_producers                  8263824                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_consumers                 11587361                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_rate                      0.370422                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu0.iew.wb_fanout                    0.713176                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu0.commit.commitSquashedInsts         162083                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu0.commit.commitNonSpecStalls            110                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu0.commit.branchMispredicts             6361                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     30482724                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.368398                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.271856                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     27498680     90.21%     90.21% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       338551      1.11%     91.32% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       322818      1.06%     92.38% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      1144967      3.76%     96.14% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        67472      0.22%     96.36% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       724903      2.38%     98.74% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        72171      0.24%     98.97% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        22052      0.07%     99.05% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       291110      0.95%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     30482724                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committedInsts             5549304                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.commit.committedOps              11229761                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu0.commit.refs                       1624392                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu0.commit.loads                       333384                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu0.commit.membars                         40                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu0.commit.branches                   1277984                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu0.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.fp_insts                    178396                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.int_insts                 11134233                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.function_calls                1044                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass         2235      0.02%      0.02% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu         9523241     84.80%     84.82% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntMult             66      0.00%     84.82% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv             220      0.00%     84.83% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd         79607      0.71%     85.53% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     85.53% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     85.53% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.53% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.53% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     85.53% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0      0.00%     85.53% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.53% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     85.53% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.53% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     85.53% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     85.53% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     85.53% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     85.53% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0      0.00%     85.53% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.53% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.53% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.53% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     85.53% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.53% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.53% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.53% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.53% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.53% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     85.53% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.53% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.53% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.53% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemRead         289191      2.58%     88.11% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite       1253330     11.16%     99.27% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead        44193      0.39%     99.66% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite        37678      0.34%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::total         11229761                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.bw_lim_events               291110                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu0.rob.rob_reads                    41583458                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu0.rob.rob_writes                   22810036                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu0.timesIdled                            260                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu0.idleCycles                          26055                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu0.committedInsts                    5549304                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu0.committedOps                     11229761                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu0.cpi                              5.502436                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu0.cpi_total                        5.502436                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu0.ipc                              0.181738                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu0.ipc_total                        0.181738                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_reads                12930843                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_writes                8586458                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_reads                   281671                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_writes                  143164                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_reads                  6408076                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_writes                 5704008                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu0.misc_regfile_reads                4216928                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements           156203                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                1024                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs            1486457                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           156203                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs             9.516187                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data         1024                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          107                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          917                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses          6692311                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses         6692311                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data       339446                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         339446                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.data      1136086                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       1136086                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu0.data      1475532                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total         1475532                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu0.data      1475532                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total        1475532                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data         3563                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         3563                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu0.data       154932                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       154932                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu0.data       158495                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total        158495                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu0.data       158495                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total       158495                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    313170500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    313170500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  13975331499                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  13975331499                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  14288501999                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  14288501999                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  14288501999                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  14288501999                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data       343009                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       343009                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.data      1291018                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      1291018                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu0.data      1634027                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1634027                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu0.data      1634027                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1634027                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.010387                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010387                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.120008                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.120008                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.096997                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.096997                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.096997                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.096997                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 87895.172607                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 87895.172607                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 90203.001956                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 90203.001956                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 90151.121480                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 90151.121480                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 90151.121480                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 90151.121480                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs        11628                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets          224                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs              145                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              2                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    80.193103                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          112                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       155273                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total           155273                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data         2278                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         2278                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data           11                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.data         2289                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         2289                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.data         2289                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         2289                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         1285                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1285                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       154921                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       154921                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       156206                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       156206                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       156206                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       156206                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    133604000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    133604000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  13819550999                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  13819550999                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  13953154999                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  13953154999                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  13953154999                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  13953154999                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.003746                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003746                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.119999                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.119999                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.095596                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.095596                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.095596                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.095596                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 103971.984436                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 103971.984436                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 89203.858734                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 89203.858734                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 89325.346011                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 89325.346011                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 89325.346011                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 89325.346011                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements              559                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse         1020.572450                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs              11429                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs              559                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs            20.445438                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst  1020.572450                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.996653                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.996653                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1021                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          188                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          833                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.997070                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses           190467                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses          190467                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst        46776                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total          46776                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu0.inst        46776                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total           46776                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu0.inst        46776                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total          46776                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.inst          700                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          700                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::cpu0.inst          700                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total           700                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::cpu0.inst          700                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total          700                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     54671999                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     54671999                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     54671999                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     54671999                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     54671999                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     54671999                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst        47476                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total        47476                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst        47476                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total        47476                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst        47476                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total        47476                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.014744                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.014744                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.014744                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.014744                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.014744                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.014744                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 78102.855714                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 78102.855714                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 78102.855714                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 78102.855714                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 78102.855714                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 78102.855714                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           24                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           24                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::writebacks          559                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::total              559                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst          137                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          137                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst          137                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total          137                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst          137                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total          137                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          563                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          563                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          563                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          563                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          563                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          563                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     37488000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     37488000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     37488000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     37488000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     37488000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     37488000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.011859                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.011859                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.011859                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.011859                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.011859                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.011859                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 66586.145648                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 66586.145648                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 66586.145648                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 66586.145648                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 66586.145648                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 66586.145648                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.branchPred.lookups                      0                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.condPredicted                0                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu1.branchPred.condIncorrect                0                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBLookups                   0                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHitPct                  nan                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu1.branchPred.usedRAS                      0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu1.branchPred.RASInCorrect                 0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectLookups              0                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectHits                 0                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectMisses               0                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu1.branchPredindirectMispredicted            0                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu1.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::samples                 0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::mean                  nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::stdev                 nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::0                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::1                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::2                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::3                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::4                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::5                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::6                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::7                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::8                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::max_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::total                   0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.idleRate                        nan                       # Percent of cycles fetch was idle
system.cpu1.fetch.branchRate                      nan                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.fetch.rate                            nan                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.rename.serializeStallCycles             0                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu1.rename.serializingInsts                 0                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.tempSerializingInsts             0                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.skidInsts                        0                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedLoads                   0                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedStores                  0                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingLoads                0                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingStores               0                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean             nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev            nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::0                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::1                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::2                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::3                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::4                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::5                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::6                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::7                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::8                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::total              0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemRead                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::total                     0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.rate                               nan                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_cnt                          0                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_rate                       nan                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                  0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads               0                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads            0                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            0                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores            0                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu1.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu1.iew.iewSquashCycles                     0                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu1.iew.iewBlockCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewUnblockCycles                    0                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispatchedInsts                  0                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispStoreInsts                   0                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                 0                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewIQFullEvents                     0                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                    0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             0                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu1.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect             0                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect            0                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.branchMispredicts                   0                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecutedInsts                    0                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu1.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_refs                           0                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_branches                       0                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_stores                         0                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_rate                         nan                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu1.iew.wb_sent                             0                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu1.iew.wb_count                            0                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu1.iew.wb_producers                        0                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_consumers                        0                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_rate                           nan                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu1.iew.wb_fanout                         nan                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::0            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::1            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::2            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::3            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::4            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::5            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::6            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::7            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::8            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::total            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committedInsts                   0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.commit.committedOps                     0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu1.commit.refs                             0                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu1.commit.loads                            0                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu1.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu1.commit.branches                         0                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu1.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.fp_insts                         0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.int_insts                        0                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.function_calls                   0                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntMult              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemRead              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::total                0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.bw_lim_events                    0                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu1.rob.rob_reads                           0                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu1.rob.rob_writes                          0                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu1.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu1.committedOps                            0                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu1.cpi                                   nan                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu1.cpi_total                             nan                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu1.ipc                                   nan                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu1.ipc_total                             nan                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.replacements                    156941                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                        16384                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                      156442                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                    156941                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      0.996820                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks       53.912004                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst        34.557300                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data     16295.530696                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.003291                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst        0.002109                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data        0.994600                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total                   1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         16384                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          107                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          955                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         9516                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         5806                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                   2664981                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                  2664981                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks       155273                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total           155273                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks          559                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total              559                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu0.data                3                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total                    3                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu0.data                17                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                    17                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu0.inst            250                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::total                250                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu0.data            34                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total                34                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.inst                  250                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.data                   51                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                      301                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.inst                 250                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.data                  51                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                     301                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0.data          154901                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total              154901                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu0.inst          310                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total              310                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu0.data         1251                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total            1251                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.inst                310                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.data             156152                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                 156462                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.inst               310                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.data            156152                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                156462                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  13586859500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total   13586859500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     34001000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total     34001000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    131247000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total    131247000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     34001000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  13718106500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total      13752107500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     34001000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  13718106500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total     13752107500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks       155273                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       155273                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks          559                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total          559                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu0.data            3                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total                3                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0.data        154918                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total            154918                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu0.inst          560                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total            560                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu0.data         1285                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total          1285                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst              560                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.data           156203                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total               156763                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst             560                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.data          156203                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total              156763                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.999890                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.999890                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.553571                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total      0.553571                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.973541                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.973541                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst        0.553571                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data        0.999674                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.998080                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst       0.553571                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data       0.999674                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.998080                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 87713.181322                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 87713.181322                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 109680.645161                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total 109680.645161                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 104913.669065                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 104913.669065                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 109680.645161                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 87850.981736                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 87894.233105                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 109680.645161                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 87850.981736                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 87894.233105                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks               154917                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                    154917                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       154901                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total         154901                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          310                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total          310                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         1251                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total         1251                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst           310                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        156152                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total            156462                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          310                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       156152                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total           156462                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  12037859500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  12037859500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     30901000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     30901000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    118737000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    118737000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     30901000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  12156596500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  12187497500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     30901000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  12156596500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  12187497500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.999890                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999890                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.553571                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.553571                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.973541                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.973541                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.553571                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.999674                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.998080                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.553571                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.999674                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.998080                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 77713.245880                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77713.245880                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 99680.645161                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99680.645161                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 94913.669065                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 94913.669065                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 99680.645161                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 77851.045776                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77894.297018                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 99680.645161                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 77851.045776                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77894.297018                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests        312789                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       156341                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp               1561                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       154918                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict             1409                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq            154901                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp           154900                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq          1561                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       469250                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total       469250                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 469250                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     19928256                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total     19928256                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                19928256                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples            156462                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                  156462    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total              156462                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer4.occupancy           932956500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer4.utilization               6.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy          822870750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              5.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests       313531                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       156762                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests          103                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops            717                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops          717                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp              1848                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       310190                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean          559                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict            2954                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq               3                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp              3                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq           154918                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp          154918                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq           563                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq         1285                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side         1682                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       468615                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total                470297                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        71616                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     19934464                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total               20006080                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                          156944                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                   9914880                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples           313710                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.002614                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.051059                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                 312890     99.74%     99.74% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                    820      0.26%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::5                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::6                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::7                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::8                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total             313710                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy          312597500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              2.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy            844500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy         234306000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             1.5                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
