
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.015267                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 15267344125                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               595426420875                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                6125661                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                 11579514                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               69620135                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1218908                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                   219.30                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  1343326496                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                    2539328783                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.inst           1536                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.data        6968320                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total            6969856                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu0.inst         1536                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total          1536                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks      1768448                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total         1768448                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.inst              24                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.data          108880                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total              108904                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks         27632                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total              27632                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.inst            100607                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.data         456419921                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total             456520528                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu0.inst       100607                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total           100607                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks       115832065                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total            115832065                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks       115832065                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.inst           100607                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.data        456419921                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total            572352593                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                      108904                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                      27632                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                    108904                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                    27632                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM                6969472                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                     384                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                 1768448                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                 6969856                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys              1768448                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                      6                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0              6830                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1              6723                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2              6769                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3              6672                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4              6747                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5              6824                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6              6686                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7              6753                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8              6615                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9              6710                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10             6674                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11             6886                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12             7041                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13             7098                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14             6963                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15             6907                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0              1613                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1              1545                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2              1603                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3              1518                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4              1587                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5              1682                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6              1707                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7              1869                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8              1788                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9              1900                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10             1862                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11             1920                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12             1771                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13             1817                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14             1696                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15             1754                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                   15267192500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                108904                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6                27632                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                   77657                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                   30976                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                     261                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                       4                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                    610                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                    641                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                   1418                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                   1649                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                   1646                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                   1646                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                   1646                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                   1647                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                   1655                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                   1648                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                   1652                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                   1652                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                   1651                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                   1649                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                   1657                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                   1688                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                   1657                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                   1819                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples        39874                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    219.170387                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   132.906250                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev   272.681100                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127        19371     48.58%     48.58% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255        11244     28.20%     76.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383         2648      6.64%     83.42% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511         1297      3.25%     86.67% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639          858      2.15%     88.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767          778      1.95%     90.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895          674      1.69%     92.47% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          361      0.91%     93.37% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         2643      6.63%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total        39874                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples         1646                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean      66.154921                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean     25.176133                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    447.879801                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::0-511          1627     98.85%     98.85% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::512-1023            3      0.18%     99.03% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1535            3      0.18%     99.21% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::1536-2047            3      0.18%     99.39% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::2048-2559            1      0.06%     99.45% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::3072-3583            2      0.12%     99.57% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::4096-4607            1      0.06%     99.64% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::5632-6143            3      0.18%     99.82% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::6656-7167            2      0.12%     99.94% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::8704-9215            1      0.06%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total          1646                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples         1646                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      16.787363                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     16.758076                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev      1.002604                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16             1000     60.75%     60.75% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::17               35      2.13%     62.88% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::18              572     34.75%     97.63% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::19               39      2.37%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total          1646                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                   1969322000                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat              4011159500                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                  544490000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     18084.10                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                36834.10                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                       456.50                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                       115.83                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                    456.52                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                    115.83                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         4.47                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     3.57                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    0.90                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.25                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      25.46                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                    80884                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                   15773                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 74.28                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                57.08                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                     111818.07                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    70.80                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                131897220                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                 70101240                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy               385588560                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy               68507280                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         1165357440.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy           1200689040                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy             39613440                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy      5063642880                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy       275309280                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy        185781720                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy             8586488100                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            562.408761                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime          12530627500                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE     24945500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF     493128000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF    709659000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    716922500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT    2218390500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  11104298625                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                152796000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                 81220590                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy               391943160                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy               75731760                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         1185025920.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy           1202631600                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy             42765120                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy      5250605160                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy       226739040                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy        111431280                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy             8721083880                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            571.224688                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime          12517708250                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE     20139000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF     501424000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF    413240750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    590273750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT    2227915250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  11514351375                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.branchPred.lookups                7039134                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.condPredicted          7039134                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu0.branchPred.condIncorrect           144662                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBLookups             5917922                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHitPct             0.000000                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu0.branchPred.usedRAS                 510299                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu0.branchPred.RASInCorrect              8784                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectLookups        5917922                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectHits           3619266                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectMisses         2298656                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu0.branchPredindirectMispredicted        28189                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb.rdAccesses                    9255731                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrAccesses                    4809585                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.dtb.rdMisses                        57916                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrMisses                         6515                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrAccesses                    5682944                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrMisses                          105                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.workload.numSyscalls                    1                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.numCycles                        30534688                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.fetch.icacheStallCycles           5751073                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu0.fetch.Insts                      39948879                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu0.fetch.Branches                    7039134                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu0.fetch.predictedBranches           4129565                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu0.fetch.Cycles                     24636879                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu0.fetch.SquashCycles                 290146                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu0.fetch.MiscStallCycles                  52                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu0.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles          456                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu0.fetch.CacheLines                  5682839                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu0.fetch.IcacheSquashes                62959                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::samples          30533533                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::mean             2.479705                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::stdev            3.345543                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::0                18241090     59.74%     59.74% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::1                  518196      1.70%     61.44% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::2                  522802      1.71%     63.15% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::3                 1401346      4.59%     67.74% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::4                  722359      2.37%     70.11% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::5                  906061      2.97%     73.07% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::6                 1292365      4.23%     77.31% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::7                  662125      2.17%     79.47% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::8                 6267189     20.53%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::total            30533533                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.branchRate                 0.230529                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.fetch.rate                       1.308311                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.decode.IdleCycles                 5333866                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu0.decode.BlockedCycles             13431999                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu0.decode.RunCycles                 11068329                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu0.decode.UnblockCycles               554266                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu0.decode.SquashCycles                145073                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu0.decode.DecodedInsts              74600898                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu0.rename.SquashCycles                145073                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu0.rename.IdleCycles                 5631847                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu0.rename.BlockCycles                4073408                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu0.rename.serializeStallCycles          1532                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu0.rename.RunCycles                 11305174                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu0.rename.UnblockCycles              9376499                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedInsts              74137758                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu0.rename.ROBFullEvents                51401                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu0.rename.IQFullEvents               1670306                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu0.rename.LQFullEvents               6755272                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu0.rename.SQFullEvents               2263137                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedOperands           90121289                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu0.rename.RenameLookups            188442268                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu0.rename.int_rename_lookups       118122885                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.fp_rename_lookups               15                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.CommittedMaps             82124904                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu0.rename.UndoneMaps                 7996446                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu0.rename.serializingInsts                96                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.tempSerializingInsts           113                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.skidInsts                  2802252                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedLoads             9409434                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedStores            4965488                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingLoads            32779                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingStores          564728                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsAdded                  72525722                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu0.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded              11714                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsIssued                 70962920                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued            26354                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined        4930068                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      6728850                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         11698                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     30533533                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        2.324098                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       2.459368                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::0           13092412     42.88%     42.88% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::1            1307407      4.28%     47.16% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::2            3143526     10.30%     57.46% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::3            2713180      8.89%     66.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::4            2797896      9.16%     75.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::5            3446443     11.29%     86.79% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::6            2065794      6.77%     93.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::7            1324642      4.34%     97.90% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::8             642233      2.10%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       30533533                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                 865175     90.33%     90.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0      0.00%     90.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%     90.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0      0.00%     90.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%     90.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%     90.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0      0.00%     90.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0      0.00%     90.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%     90.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0      0.00%     90.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%     90.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%     90.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%     90.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%     90.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%     90.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%     90.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%     90.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%     90.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%     90.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%     90.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%     90.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%     90.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%     90.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%     90.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%     90.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%     90.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%     90.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%     90.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%     90.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     90.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%     90.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemRead                 55839      5.83%     96.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                36737      3.84%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            70204      0.10%      0.10% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu             56291190     79.32%     79.42% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult               52462      0.07%     79.50% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv               416044      0.59%     80.08% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0      0.00%     80.08% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     80.08% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     80.08% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     80.08% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     80.08% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0      0.00%     80.08% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0      0.00%     80.08% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     80.08% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     80.08% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     80.08% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     80.08% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     80.08% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     80.08% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0      0.00%     80.08% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     80.08% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     80.08% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     80.08% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     80.08% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     80.08% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     80.08% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     80.08% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     80.08% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     80.08% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     80.08% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0      0.00%     80.08% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     80.08% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.08% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     80.08% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead             9290357     13.09%     93.18% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite            4842663      6.82%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite             0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::total              70962920                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.rate                          2.324010                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_cnt                     957751                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.013496                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_reads         173443472                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_writes         77467866                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     70625455                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                  0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.int_alu_accesses              71850467                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads          771577                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       508947                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses         1018                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          362                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       336522                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            3                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked           13                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu0.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu0.iew.iewSquashCycles                145073                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu0.iew.iewBlockCycles                1320975                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewUnblockCycles               702547                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispatchedInsts           72537436                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts              782                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispLoadInsts              9409434                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispStoreInsts             4965488                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts              4217                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewIQFullEvents                  8023                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.iewLSQFullEvents               692576                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           362                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu0.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         95840                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        74571                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.branchMispredicts              170411                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecutedInsts             70779093                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecLoadInsts              9255392                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts           183821                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu0.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_refs                    14064977                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_branches                 6498698                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_stores                   4809585                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_rate                    2.317990                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu0.iew.wb_sent                      70743949                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu0.iew.wb_count                     70625455                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu0.iew.wb_producers                 54343686                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_consumers                 92063706                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_rate                      2.312958                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu0.iew.wb_fanout                    0.590283                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu0.commit.commitSquashedInsts        4930169                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu0.commit.commitNonSpecStalls             13                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu0.commit.branchMispredicts           144715                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     29832927                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     2.266201                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     2.964368                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     14621055     49.01%     49.01% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      3106570     10.41%     59.42% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      1664383      5.58%     65.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      2576700      8.64%     73.64% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      1068075      3.58%     77.22% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1215713      4.08%     81.29% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       534558      1.79%     83.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       483212      1.62%     84.71% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      4562661     15.29%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     29832927                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committedInsts            35605340                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.commit.committedOps              67607421                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu0.commit.refs                      13529488                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu0.commit.loads                      8900514                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu0.commit.membars                          8                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu0.commit.branches                   6267793                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu0.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.fp_insts                         0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.int_insts                 67416710                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.function_calls              449190                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass        59621      0.09%      0.09% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu        53580309     79.25%     79.34% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntMult          50149      0.07%     79.41% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv          387854      0.57%     79.99% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd             0      0.00%     79.99% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     79.99% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     79.99% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.99% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.99% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     79.99% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0      0.00%     79.99% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.99% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     79.99% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.99% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     79.99% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     79.99% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     79.99% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     79.99% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0      0.00%     79.99% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.99% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.99% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.99% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     79.99% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.99% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.99% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.99% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.99% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.99% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     79.99% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.99% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.99% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.99% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemRead        8900514     13.16%     93.15% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite       4628974      6.85%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::total         67607421                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.bw_lim_events              4562661                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu0.rob.rob_reads                    97807856                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu0.rob.rob_writes                  145778904                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu0.timesIdled                              8                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu0.idleCycles                           1155                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu0.committedInsts                   35605340                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu0.committedOps                     67607421                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu0.cpi                              0.857587                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu0.cpi_total                        0.857587                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu0.ipc                              1.166062                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu0.ipc_total                        1.166062                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_reads               111874651                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_writes               60132428                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_reads                 38955146                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_writes                25638930                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu0.misc_regfile_reads               27202377                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements           118247                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                1024                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs            4032644                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           118247                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs            34.103563                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data         1024                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           30                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          295                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          678                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           20                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         52393335                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses        52393335                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data      8047532                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        8047532                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.data      4610132                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       4610132                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu0.data     12657664                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total        12657664                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu0.data     12657664                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total       12657664                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data       392266                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       392266                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu0.data        18842                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total        18842                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu0.data       411108                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total        411108                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu0.data       411108                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total       411108                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  31474899500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  31474899500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data   1652396000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   1652396000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  33127295500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  33127295500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  33127295500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  33127295500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data      8439798                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8439798                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.data      4628974                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      4628974                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu0.data     13068772                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total     13068772                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu0.data     13068772                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total     13068772                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.046478                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.046478                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.004070                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.004070                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.031457                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.031457                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.031457                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.031457                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 80238.663305                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 80238.663305                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 87697.484343                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 87697.484343                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 80580.517771                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 80580.517771                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 80580.517771                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 80580.517771                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          553                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               12                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    46.083333                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        35165                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total            35165                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       292693                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       292693                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data          170                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          170                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       292863                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       292863                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       292863                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       292863                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        99573                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        99573                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        18672                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        18672                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       118245                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       118245                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       118245                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       118245                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   8226654000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   8226654000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   1620188000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1620188000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   9846842000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   9846842000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   9846842000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   9846842000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.011798                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.011798                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.004034                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004034                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.009048                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.009048                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.009048                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.009048                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 82619.324516                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 82619.324516                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 86770.994002                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 86770.994002                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 83274.912258                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 83274.912258                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 83274.912258                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 83274.912258                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements               24                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse                1024                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs              12192                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs               24                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs                  508                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst         1024                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            8                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         1016                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses         22731380                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses        22731380                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst      5682811                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        5682811                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu0.inst      5682811                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total         5682811                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu0.inst      5682811                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total        5682811                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           28                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::cpu0.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total            28                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::cpu0.inst           28                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total           28                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst      2656000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      2656000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst      2656000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      2656000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst      2656000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      2656000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst      5682839                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      5682839                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst      5682839                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total      5682839                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst      5682839                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total      5682839                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 94857.142857                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 94857.142857                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 94857.142857                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 94857.142857                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 94857.142857                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 94857.142857                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::writebacks           24                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::total               24                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst            4                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            4                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst            4                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            4                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst            4                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            4                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst           24                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           24                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst           24                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           24                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst           24                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           24                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst      2356500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2356500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst      2356500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      2356500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst      2356500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      2356500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 98187.500000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 98187.500000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 98187.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 98187.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 98187.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 98187.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.branchPred.lookups                      0                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.condPredicted                0                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu1.branchPred.condIncorrect                0                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBLookups                   0                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHitPct                  nan                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu1.branchPred.usedRAS                      0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu1.branchPred.RASInCorrect                 0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectLookups              0                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectHits                 0                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectMisses               0                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu1.branchPredindirectMispredicted            0                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu1.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::samples                 0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::mean                  nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::stdev                 nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::0                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::1                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::2                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::3                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::4                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::5                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::6                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::7                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::8                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::max_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::total                   0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.idleRate                        nan                       # Percent of cycles fetch was idle
system.cpu1.fetch.branchRate                      nan                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.fetch.rate                            nan                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.rename.serializeStallCycles             0                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu1.rename.serializingInsts                 0                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.tempSerializingInsts             0                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.skidInsts                        0                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedLoads                   0                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedStores                  0                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingLoads                0                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingStores               0                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean             nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev            nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::0                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::1                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::2                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::3                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::4                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::5                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::6                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::7                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::8                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::total              0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemRead                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::total                     0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.rate                               nan                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_cnt                          0                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_rate                       nan                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                  0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads               0                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads            0                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            0                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores            0                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu1.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu1.iew.iewSquashCycles                     0                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu1.iew.iewBlockCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewUnblockCycles                    0                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispatchedInsts                  0                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispStoreInsts                   0                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                 0                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewIQFullEvents                     0                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                    0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             0                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu1.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect             0                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect            0                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.branchMispredicts                   0                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecutedInsts                    0                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu1.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_refs                           0                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_branches                       0                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_stores                         0                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_rate                         nan                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu1.iew.wb_sent                             0                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu1.iew.wb_count                            0                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu1.iew.wb_producers                        0                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_consumers                        0                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_rate                           nan                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu1.iew.wb_fanout                         nan                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::0            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::1            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::2            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::3            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::4            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::5            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::6            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::7            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::8            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::total            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committedInsts                   0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.commit.committedOps                     0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu1.commit.refs                             0                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu1.commit.loads                            0                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu1.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu1.commit.branches                         0                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu1.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.fp_insts                         0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.int_insts                        0                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.function_calls                   0                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntMult              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemRead              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::total                0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.bw_lim_events                    0                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu1.rob.rob_reads                           0                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu1.rob.rob_writes                          0                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu1.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu1.committedOps                            0                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu1.cpi                                   nan                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu1.cpi_total                             nan                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu1.ipc                                   nan                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu1.ipc_total                             nan                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.replacements                    108929                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                        16384                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                      268136                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                    108929                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      2.461567                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks       12.653173                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst         7.454560                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data     16363.892267                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.000772                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst        0.000455                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data        0.998773                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total                   1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         16384                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           30                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          295                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         3017                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3        13037                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            5                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                   2001249                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                  2001249                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks        35165                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total            35165                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks           24                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total               24                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu0.data               314                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                   314                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu0.data          9053                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total              9053                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.data                 9367                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                     9367                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.data                9367                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                    9367                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0.data           18358                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total               18358                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu0.inst           24                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total               24                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu0.data        90520                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total           90520                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.inst                 24                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.data             108878                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                 108902                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.inst                24                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.data            108878                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                108902                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data   1588879500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total    1588879500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst      2320500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total      2320500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data   7982050000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total   7982050000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst      2320500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data   9570929500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total       9573250000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst      2320500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data   9570929500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total      9573250000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks        35165                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        35165                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks           24                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total           24                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0.data         18672                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total             18672                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu0.inst           24                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total             24                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu0.data        99573                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total         99573                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst               24                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.data           118245                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total               118269                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst              24                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.data          118245                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total              118269                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.983183                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.983183                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.909082                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.909082                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data        0.920783                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.920799                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data       0.920783                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.920799                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 86549.705850                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 86549.705850                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 96687.500000                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total 96687.500000                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 88179.960230                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 88179.960230                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 96687.500000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 87905.081835                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 87907.017318                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 96687.500000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 87905.081835                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 87907.017318                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                27632                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                     27632                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::writebacks            8                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::total             8                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        18358                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total          18358                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst           24                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total           24                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        90520                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total        90520                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst            24                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        108878                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total            108902                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst           24                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       108878                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total           108902                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   1405299500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1405299500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst      2080500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2080500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   7076830000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   7076830000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst      2080500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   8482129500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   8484210000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst      2080500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   8482129500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   8484210000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::writebacks          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.983183                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.983183                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.909082                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.909082                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.920783                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.920799                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.920783                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.920799                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 76549.705850                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76549.705850                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 86687.500000                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 86687.500000                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 78179.739284                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 78179.739284                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 86687.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 77904.898143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77906.833667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 86687.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 77904.898143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77906.833667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests        217751                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       108847                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              90546                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        27632                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict            81215                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq             18358                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp            18358                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq         90546                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       326655                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total       326655                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 326655                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port      8738304                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total      8738304                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                 8738304                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples            108904                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                  108904    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total              108904                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer4.occupancy           348624500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer4.utilization               2.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy          580779250                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              3.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests       236540                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       118271                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops             92                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops           92                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp             99599                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        62797                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean           24                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict          164379                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq            18672                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp           18672                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq            24                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        99573                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side           72                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       354739                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total                354811                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side         3072                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      9818368                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total                9821440                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                          108929                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                   1768448                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples           227198                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.000405                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.020119                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                 227106     99.96%     99.96% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                     92      0.04%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::5                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::6                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::7                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::8                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total             227198                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy          153459000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              1.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy             36000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy         177370500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             1.2                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
