
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.015267                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 15267344125                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               3282478986875                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                              110874945                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                205333919                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              305654181                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1248940                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                    49.95                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  5538171695                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   10256372274                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.data       12128512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total           12128512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks        52864                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total           52864                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.data          189508                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total              189508                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks           826                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total                826                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.data         794408766                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total             794408766                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks         3462554                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total              3462554                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks         3462554                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.data        794408766                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total            797871319                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                      189508                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                        826                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                    189508                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                      826                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM               12121664                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                    6848                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                   52352                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                12128512                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys                52864                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                    107                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     1                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0             11654                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1             11548                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2             11578                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3             12492                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4             12883                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5             12393                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6             12127                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7             11404                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8             11612                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9             11695                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10            11853                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11            11903                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12            11637                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13            11423                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14            11645                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15            11554                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1                11                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2               121                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3               322                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4               176                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5               120                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6                16                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7                52                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                   15267353000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                189508                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6                  826                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                  143085                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                   43116                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                    3143                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                      57                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                     50                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                     52                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                     52                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                     52                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                     52                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                     52                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                     52                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                     52                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                     51                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                     51                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                     51                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                     51                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                     51                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                     51                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                     51                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                     52                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples        97134                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    125.339428                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   107.714762                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev    76.351362                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127        44037     45.34%     45.34% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255        42970     44.24%     89.57% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383         8772      9.03%     98.61% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511         1152      1.19%     99.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639          148      0.15%     99.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767           20      0.02%     99.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895           15      0.02%     99.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023            8      0.01%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151           12      0.01%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total        97134                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples           51                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean    3682.235294                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean   3603.562640                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    763.751284                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::2304-2559            4      7.84%      7.84% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::2560-2815            2      3.92%     11.76% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::2816-3071            6     11.76%     23.53% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::3072-3327            8     15.69%     39.22% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::3328-3583            5      9.80%     49.02% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::3584-3839            5      9.80%     58.82% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::3840-4095            4      7.84%     66.67% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::4096-4351            6     11.76%     78.43% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::4352-4607            5      9.80%     88.24% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::4608-4863            1      1.96%     90.20% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::4864-5119            4      7.84%     98.04% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::5120-5375            1      1.96%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total            51                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples           51                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      16.039216                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     16.036994                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev      0.280056                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16               50     98.04%     98.04% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::18                1      1.96%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total            51                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                   4670638750                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat              8221907500                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                  947005000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     24660.05                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                43410.05                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                       793.96                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                         3.43                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                    794.41                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                      3.46                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         6.23                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     6.20                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    0.03                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.32                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      25.77                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                    92393                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                     695                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 48.78                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                84.24                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                      80213.48                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    48.94                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                352087680                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                187146630                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy               686004060                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy                4269960                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         1205309040.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy           1623935700                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy             24604320                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy      5205759840                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy        86733120                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy                0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy             9375850350                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            614.111418                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime          11642500500                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE      9432000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF     509860000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    226034250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT    3105551625                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  11416466250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                341427660                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                181476900                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy               666319080                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy                      0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         1205309040.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy           1577390070                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy             24612480                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy      5217536610                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy       116004000                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy                0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy             9330075840                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            611.113221                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime          11744527500                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE      9747750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF     509860000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    302266500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT    3003143750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  11442326125                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.branchPred.lookups                1900346                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.condPredicted          1900346                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu0.branchPred.condIncorrect            95066                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBLookups             1433795                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHitPct             0.000000                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu0.branchPred.usedRAS                  79955                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu0.branchPred.RASInCorrect             12874                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectLookups        1433795                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectHits            773362                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectMisses          660433                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu0.branchPredindirectMispredicted        33682                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb.rdAccesses                     930177                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrAccesses                      97998                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.dtb.rdMisses                       165550                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrMisses                         1669                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrAccesses                    1506003                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrMisses                         7954                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.workload.numSyscalls                    0                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.numCycles                        30534688                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.fetch.icacheStallCycles           1550568                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu0.fetch.Insts                       5852703                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu0.fetch.Branches                    1900346                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu0.fetch.predictedBranches            853317                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu0.fetch.Cycles                     28739927                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu0.fetch.SquashCycles                 195712                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu0.fetch.TlbCycles                      3127                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
system.cpu0.fetch.MiscStallCycles                1970                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu0.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles        69879                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu0.fetch.CacheLines                  1498049                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu0.fetch.IcacheSquashes                12600                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.ItlbSquashes                     10                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::samples          30463327                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::mean             0.388030                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::stdev            1.570979                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::0                28266375     92.79%     92.79% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::1                   27233      0.09%     92.88% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::2                  690152      2.27%     95.14% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::3                   46620      0.15%     95.30% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::4                  153812      0.50%     95.80% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::5                  108893      0.36%     96.16% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::6                  104263      0.34%     96.50% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::7                   39822      0.13%     96.63% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::8                 1026157      3.37%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::total            30463327                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.branchRate                 0.062236                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.fetch.rate                       0.191674                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.decode.IdleCycles                  824296                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu0.decode.BlockedCycles             28064502                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu0.decode.RunCycles                  1131750                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu0.decode.UnblockCycles               344923                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu0.decode.SquashCycles                 97856                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu0.decode.DecodedInsts               9719133                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu0.rename.SquashCycles                 97856                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu0.rename.IdleCycles                  941275                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu0.rename.BlockCycles               26601768                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu0.rename.serializeStallCycles         18982                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu0.rename.RunCycles                  1275845                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu0.rename.UnblockCycles              1527601                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedInsts               9264732                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu0.rename.ROBFullEvents               118240                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu0.rename.IQFullEvents               1062181                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu0.rename.LQFullEvents                413286                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu0.rename.SQFullEvents                  1618                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedOperands           11029368                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu0.rename.RenameLookups             25389033                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu0.rename.int_rename_lookups        12495328                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.fp_rename_lookups            73060                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.CommittedMaps              3817646                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu0.rename.UndoneMaps                 7211721                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu0.rename.serializingInsts               318                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.tempSerializingInsts           415                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.skidInsts                  2139372                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedLoads             1583673                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedStores             139733                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingLoads             7038                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingStores            7252                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsAdded                   8691701                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu0.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded               7397                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsIssued                  6342680                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued             9352                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined        5520142                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     10761521                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          7397                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     30463327                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        0.208207                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       0.858475                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::0           28039567     92.04%     92.04% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::1             880597      2.89%     94.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::2             499974      1.64%     96.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::3             348365      1.14%     97.72% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::4             362488      1.19%     98.91% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::5             138601      0.45%     99.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::6             114373      0.38%     99.74% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::7              47051      0.15%     99.89% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::8              32311      0.11%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       30463327                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                  20512     71.56%     71.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0      0.00%     71.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%     71.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                 2271      7.92%     79.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%     79.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%     79.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0      0.00%     79.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0      0.00%     79.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%     79.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0      0.00%     79.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%     79.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%     79.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%     79.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%     79.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%     79.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%     79.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%     79.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%     79.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%     79.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%     79.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%     79.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%     79.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%     79.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%     79.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%     79.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%     79.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%     79.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%     79.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%     79.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%     79.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemRead                  5252     18.32%     97.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                  442      1.54%     99.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead              168      0.59%     99.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite              21      0.07%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            29235      0.46%      0.46% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu              5178707     81.65%     82.11% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                1828      0.03%     82.14% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                20127      0.32%     82.46% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd              28447      0.45%     82.90% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     82.90% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     82.90% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     82.90% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     82.90% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0      0.00%     82.90% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0      0.00%     82.90% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     82.90% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     82.90% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     82.90% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     82.90% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     82.90% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     82.90% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0      0.00%     82.90% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     82.90% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     82.90% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     82.90% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     82.90% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     82.90% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     82.90% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     82.90% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     82.90% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     82.90% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     82.90% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0      0.00%     82.90% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     82.90% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     82.90% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     82.90% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead              974499     15.36%     98.27% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite             104972      1.66%     99.92% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead           4814      0.08%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite            51      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::total               6342680                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.rate                          0.207720                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_cnt                      28666                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.004520                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_reads          43117171                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_writes         14161577                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      6033728                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads              69534                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes             57666                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses        30736                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.int_alu_accesses               6306338                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_alu_accesses                  35773                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads            9836                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      1025635                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          360                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            5                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        80099                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          111                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked         1046                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu0.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu0.iew.iewSquashCycles                 97856                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu0.iew.iewBlockCycles               23877468                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewUnblockCycles               333559                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispatchedInsts            8699098                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts             7165                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispLoadInsts              1583673                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispStoreInsts              139733                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts              2689                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewIQFullEvents                 20031                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.iewLSQFullEvents               130928                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             5                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu0.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         50457                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        59890                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.branchMispredicts              110347                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecutedInsts              6202328                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecLoadInsts               929636                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts           140352                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu0.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_refs                     1027622                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_branches                  714507                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_stores                     97986                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_rate                    0.203124                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu0.iew.wb_sent                       6094595                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu0.iew.wb_count                      6064464                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu0.iew.wb_producers                  4489084                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_consumers                  7202344                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_rate                      0.198609                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu0.iew.wb_fanout                    0.623281                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu0.commit.commitSquashedInsts        5521510                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu0.commit.branchMispredicts            97854                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     29659354                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.107182                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     0.634089                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     28375089     95.67%     95.67% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       564642      1.90%     97.57% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       146636      0.49%     98.07% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       359033      1.21%     99.28% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        76683      0.26%     99.54% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        44160      0.15%     99.69% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        10234      0.03%     99.72% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         8009      0.03%     99.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        74868      0.25%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     29659354                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committedInsts             1592876                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.commit.committedOps               3178956                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu0.commit.refs                        617672                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu0.commit.loads                       558038                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu0.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu0.commit.branches                    532251                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu0.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.fp_insts                     23826                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.int_insts                  3154957                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.function_calls               10500                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass         7097      0.22%      0.22% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu         2516355     79.16%     79.38% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntMult            420      0.01%     79.39% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv           17048      0.54%     79.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd         20364      0.64%     80.57% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     80.57% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     80.57% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     80.57% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.57% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     80.57% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0      0.00%     80.57% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     80.57% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     80.57% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     80.57% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     80.57% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     80.57% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     80.57% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     80.57% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0      0.00%     80.57% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.57% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     80.57% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     80.57% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     80.57% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     80.57% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     80.57% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     80.57% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     80.57% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     80.57% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     80.57% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     80.57% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.57% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     80.57% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemRead         554576     17.45%     98.02% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite         59634      1.88%     99.89% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead         3462      0.11%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::total          3178956                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.bw_lim_events                74868                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu0.rob.rob_reads                    38284952                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu0.rob.rob_writes                   18207712                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu0.timesIdled                            596                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu0.idleCycles                          71361                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu0.committedInsts                    1592876                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu0.committedOps                      3178956                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu0.cpi                             19.169532                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu0.cpi_total                       19.169532                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu0.ipc                              0.052166                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu0.ipc_total                        0.052166                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_reads                 6606670                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_writes                5267687                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_reads                    54453                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_writes                   27204                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_reads                  3728852                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_writes                 1708803                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu0.misc_regfile_reads                3125679                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements           260578                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                1024                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs             494835                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           260578                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs             1.898990                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data         1024                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          196                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          769                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           57                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses          4151902                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses         4151902                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data       445868                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         445868                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.data        58521                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         58521                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu0.data       504389                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total          504389                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu0.data       504389                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total         504389                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data       467329                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       467329                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu0.data         1113                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         1113                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu0.data       468442                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total        468442                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu0.data       468442                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total       468442                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  34905491500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  34905491500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data     66837500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     66837500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  34972329000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  34972329000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  34972329000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  34972329000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data       913197                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       913197                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.data        59634                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        59634                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu0.data       972831                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total       972831                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu0.data       972831                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total       972831                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.511750                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.511750                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.018664                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.018664                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.481525                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.481525                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.481525                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.481525                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 74691.473245                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 74691.473245                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 60051.662174                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 60051.662174                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 74656.689622                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 74656.689622                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 74656.689622                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 74656.689622                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs        25826                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs              989                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    26.113246                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         2460                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total             2460                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       207856                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       207856                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data            8                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       207864                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       207864                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       207864                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       207864                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       259473                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       259473                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         1105                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         1105                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       260578                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       260578                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       260578                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       260578                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  19103274000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  19103274000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     65047000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     65047000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  19168321000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  19168321000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  19168321000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  19168321000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.284137                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.284137                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.018530                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.018530                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.267855                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.267855                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.267855                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.267855                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 73623.359656                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 73623.359656                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 58866.063348                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 58866.063348                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 73560.780265                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 73560.780265                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 73560.780265                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 73560.780265                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse                1021                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst         1021                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.997070                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.997070                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1021                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         1021                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.997070                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses          5992196                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses         5992196                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst      1498049                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        1498049                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu0.inst      1498049                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total         1498049                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu0.inst      1498049                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total        1498049                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst      1498049                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1498049                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst      1498049                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total      1498049                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst      1498049                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total      1498049                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.branchPred.lookups                      0                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.condPredicted                0                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu1.branchPred.condIncorrect                0                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBLookups                   0                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHitPct                  nan                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu1.branchPred.usedRAS                      0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu1.branchPred.RASInCorrect                 0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectLookups              0                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectHits                 0                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectMisses               0                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu1.branchPredindirectMispredicted            0                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu1.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::samples                 0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::mean                  nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::stdev                 nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::0                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::1                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::2                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::3                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::4                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::5                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::6                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::7                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::8                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::max_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::total                   0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.idleRate                        nan                       # Percent of cycles fetch was idle
system.cpu1.fetch.branchRate                      nan                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.fetch.rate                            nan                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.rename.serializeStallCycles             0                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu1.rename.serializingInsts                 0                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.tempSerializingInsts             0                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.skidInsts                        0                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedLoads                   0                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedStores                  0                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingLoads                0                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingStores               0                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean             nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev            nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::0                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::1                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::2                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::3                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::4                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::5                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::6                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::7                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::8                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::total              0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemRead                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::total                     0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.rate                               nan                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_cnt                          0                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_rate                       nan                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                  0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads               0                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads            0                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            0                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores            0                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu1.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu1.iew.iewSquashCycles                     0                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu1.iew.iewBlockCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewUnblockCycles                    0                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispatchedInsts                  0                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispStoreInsts                   0                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                 0                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewIQFullEvents                     0                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                    0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             0                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu1.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect             0                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect            0                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.branchMispredicts                   0                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecutedInsts                    0                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu1.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_refs                           0                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_branches                       0                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_stores                         0                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_rate                         nan                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu1.iew.wb_sent                             0                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu1.iew.wb_count                            0                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu1.iew.wb_producers                        0                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_consumers                        0                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_rate                           nan                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu1.iew.wb_fanout                         nan                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::0            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::1            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::2            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::3            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::4            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::5            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::6            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::7            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::8            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::total            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committedInsts                   0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.commit.committedOps                     0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu1.commit.refs                             0                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu1.commit.loads                            0                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu1.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu1.commit.branches                         0                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu1.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.fp_insts                         0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.int_insts                        0                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.function_calls                   0                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntMult              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemRead              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::total                0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.bw_lim_events                    0                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu1.rob.rob_reads                           0                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu1.rob.rob_writes                          0                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu1.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu1.committedOps                            0                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu1.cpi                                   nan                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu1.cpi_total                             nan                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu1.ipc                                   nan                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu1.ipc_total                             nan                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.replacements                    189523                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                        16384                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                      328420                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                    189523                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      1.732877                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks       12.528690                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data     16371.471310                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.000765                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data        0.999235                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total                   1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         16384                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          107                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1         1191                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2        10140                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         4924                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           22                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                   4357027                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                  4357027                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks         2460                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total             2460                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu0.data               532                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                   532                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu0.data         70538                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total             70538                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.data                71070                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                    71070                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.data               71070                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                   71070                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0.data             573                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                 573                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu0.data       188935                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total          188935                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.data             189508                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                 189508                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.data            189508                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                189508                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data     57583000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      57583000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  17939951500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total  17939951500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  17997534500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total      17997534500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  17997534500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total     17997534500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks         2460                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         2460                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0.data          1105                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total              1105                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu0.data       259473                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total        259473                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.data           260578                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total               260578                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.data          260578                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total              260578                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.518552                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.518552                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.728149                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.728149                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data        0.727260                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.727260                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data       0.727260                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.727260                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 100493.891798                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 100493.891798                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 94953.034112                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 94953.034112                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 94969.787555                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 94969.787555                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 94969.787555                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 94969.787555                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                  826                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                       826                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::writebacks            5                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::total             5                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data          573                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            573                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       188935                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total       188935                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        189508                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total            189508                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       189508                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total           189508                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     51853000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     51853000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  16050601500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  16050601500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  16102454500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  16102454500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  16102454500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  16102454500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::writebacks          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.518552                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.518552                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.728149                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.728149                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.727260                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.727260                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.727260                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.727260                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 90493.891798                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 90493.891798                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 84953.034112                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84953.034112                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 84969.787555                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84969.787555                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 84969.787555                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84969.787555                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests        379011                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       189506                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             188935                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          826                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict           188677                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq               573                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp              573                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        188935                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       568519                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total       568519                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 568519                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     12181376                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total     12181376                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                12181376                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples            189508                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                  189508    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total              189508                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer4.occupancy           447110500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer4.utilization               2.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy         1025456500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              6.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests       521156                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       260579                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests          415                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops             25                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops           21                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            4                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp            259473                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         3286                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict          446815                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq             1105                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp            1105                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       259473                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       781734                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total                781734                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     16834432                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total               16834432                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                          189523                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                     52864                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples           450101                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.000989                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.031709                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                 449660     99.90%     99.90% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                    437      0.10%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      4      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::5                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::6                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::7                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::8                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total             450101                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy          263038000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              1.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy         390867000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             2.6                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
