
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.015267                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 15267344125                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               8961931001375                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                               78819850                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                146844647                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              200707900                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1248940                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                    76.07                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  5995624414                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   11170099649                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.data       12682112                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total           12682112                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks        19776                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total           19776                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.data          198158                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total              198158                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks           309                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total                309                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.data         830669165                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total             830669165                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks         1295314                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total              1295314                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks         1295314                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.data        830669165                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total            831964479                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                      198156                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                        309                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                    198156                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                      309                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM               12678784                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                    3200                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                   19456                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                12681984                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys                19776                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                     50                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     5                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0             12450                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1             12393                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2             12047                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3             12200                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4             12723                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5             12676                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6             12505                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7             12487                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8             12469                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9             12228                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10            12229                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11            12410                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12            12445                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13            12367                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14            12247                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15            12230                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0                70                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2                17                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3                94                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4                12                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9                10                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15              101                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                   15267101000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                198156                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6                  309                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                  148920                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                   45970                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                    3186                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                      30                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                     19                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                     19                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                     19                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                     19                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                     19                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                     19                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                     19                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                     19                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                     19                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                     19                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                     19                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                     19                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                     19                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                     19                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                     19                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                     19                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples        96806                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    131.188563                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   112.641157                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev    78.391556                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127        40027     41.35%     41.35% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255        45072     46.56%     87.91% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383        10075     10.41%     98.31% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511         1426      1.47%     99.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639          171      0.18%     99.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767           22      0.02%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895            3      0.00%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023            3      0.00%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151            7      0.01%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total        96806                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples           19                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean          10561                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean  10337.652963                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev   2225.148659                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::6656-7167            2     10.53%     10.53% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::7680-8191            1      5.26%     15.79% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::8704-9215            1      5.26%     21.05% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::9216-9727            2     10.53%     31.58% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::9728-10239            3     15.79%     47.37% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::10240-10751            1      5.26%     52.63% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::10752-11263            3     15.79%     68.42% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::11264-11775            2     10.53%     78.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::11776-12287            1      5.26%     84.21% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::13824-14335            1      5.26%     89.47% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::14336-14847            2     10.53%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total            19                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples           19                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean             16                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     16.000000                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16               19    100.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total            19                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                   4802432750                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat              8516920250                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                  990530000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     24241.73                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                42991.73                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                       830.45                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                         1.27                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                    830.66                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                      1.30                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         6.50                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     6.49                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.33                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      26.02                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                   101347                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                     264                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 51.16                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                86.84                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                      76925.91                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    51.21                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                347189640                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                184547055                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy               710308620                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy                1007460                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         1205309040.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy           1643814450                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy             24466560                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy      5159409150                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy       109163520                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy                0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy             9385215495                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            614.724828                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime          11599260500                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE      9428000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF     509860000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    284289250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT    3148583750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  11315183125                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                343962360                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                182831715                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy               704182500                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy                 579420                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         1205309040.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy           1631207760                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy             24461760                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy      5212577610                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy        75011040                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy                0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy             9380123205                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            614.391287                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime          11624658000                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE      9456000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF     509860000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    195045500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT    3122793750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  11430188875                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.branchPred.lookups                1444861                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.condPredicted          1444861                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu0.branchPred.condIncorrect            57726                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBLookups             1143242                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHitPct             0.000000                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu0.branchPred.usedRAS                  38115                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu0.branchPred.RASInCorrect              5175                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectLookups        1143242                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectHits            618525                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectMisses          524717                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu0.branchPredindirectMispredicted        18934                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb.rdAccesses                     666094                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrAccesses                      35005                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.dtb.rdMisses                       137916                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrMisses                          647                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrAccesses                    1199877                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrMisses                         3131                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.workload.numSyscalls                    0                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.numCycles                        30534688                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.fetch.icacheStallCycles           1226105                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu0.fetch.Insts                       4156770                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu0.fetch.Branches                    1444861                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu0.fetch.predictedBranches            656640                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu0.fetch.Cycles                     29167944                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu0.fetch.SquashCycles                 117404                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu0.fetch.TlbCycles                      1578                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
system.cpu0.fetch.MiscStallCycles                 676                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu0.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles        31401                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu0.fetch.CacheLines                  1196746                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu0.fetch.IcacheSquashes                 6047                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.ItlbSquashes                      3                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::samples          30486406                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::mean             0.274630                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::stdev            1.321013                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::0                28855525     94.65%     94.65% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::1                   18827      0.06%     94.71% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::2                  605451      1.99%     96.70% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::3                   19681      0.06%     96.76% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::4                  115395      0.38%     97.14% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::5                   59779      0.20%     97.34% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::6                   75649      0.25%     97.59% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::7                   19457      0.06%     97.65% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::8                  716642      2.35%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::total            30486406                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.branchRate                 0.047319                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.fetch.rate                       0.136133                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.decode.IdleCycles                  592302                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu0.decode.BlockedCycles             28785174                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu0.decode.RunCycles                   761806                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu0.decode.UnblockCycles               288422                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu0.decode.SquashCycles                 58702                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu0.decode.DecodedInsts               6825161                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu0.rename.SquashCycles                 58702                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu0.rename.IdleCycles                  675590                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu0.rename.BlockCycles               27584238                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu0.rename.serializeStallCycles          9365                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu0.rename.RunCycles                   892212                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu0.rename.UnblockCycles              1266299                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedInsts               6546929                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu0.rename.ROBFullEvents                75557                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu0.rename.IQFullEvents                981563                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu0.rename.LQFullEvents                245519                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu0.rename.SQFullEvents                    48                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedOperands            7822921                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu0.rename.RenameLookups             18279285                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu0.rename.int_rename_lookups         8533896                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.fp_rename_lookups            29570                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.CommittedMaps              2709809                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu0.rename.UndoneMaps                 5113138                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu0.rename.serializingInsts               177                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.tempSerializingInsts           235                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.skidInsts                  1857230                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedLoads             1198820                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedStores              52462                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingLoads             4076                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingStores            3628                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsAdded                   6227834                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu0.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded               3215                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsIssued                  4411128                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued             4905                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined        3971424                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      8380816                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          3215                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     30486406                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        0.144692                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       0.688349                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::0           28638174     93.94%     93.94% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::1             754538      2.47%     96.41% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::2             389754      1.28%     97.69% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::3             260118      0.85%     98.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::4             272414      0.89%     99.44% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::5              73037      0.24%     99.68% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::6              62378      0.20%     99.88% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::7              20325      0.07%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::8              15668      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       30486406                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                   7845     63.35%     63.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0      0.00%     63.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%     63.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                  815      6.58%     69.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%     69.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%     69.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0      0.00%     69.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0      0.00%     69.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%     69.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0      0.00%     69.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%     69.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%     69.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%     69.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%     69.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%     69.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%     69.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%     69.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%     69.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%     69.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%     69.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%     69.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%     69.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%     69.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%     69.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%     69.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%     69.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%     69.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%     69.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%     69.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     69.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%     69.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemRead                  3364     27.17%     97.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                  188      1.52%     98.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead              140      1.13%     99.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite              31      0.25%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            12845      0.29%      0.29% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu              3646423     82.66%     82.96% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                 580      0.01%     82.97% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                 6950      0.16%     83.13% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd              10216      0.23%     83.36% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     83.36% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     83.36% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     83.36% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     83.36% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0      0.00%     83.36% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0      0.00%     83.36% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     83.36% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     83.36% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     83.36% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     83.36% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     83.36% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     83.36% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0      0.00%     83.36% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     83.36% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     83.36% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     83.36% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     83.36% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     83.36% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     83.36% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     83.36% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     83.36% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     83.36% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     83.36% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0      0.00%     83.36% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     83.36% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     83.36% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     83.36% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead              694078     15.73%     99.09% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite              37684      0.85%     99.95% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead           2229      0.05%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite           123      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::total               4411128                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.rate                          0.144463                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_cnt                      12383                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.002807                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_reads          39299567                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_writes         10175840                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      4236288                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads              26387                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes             26634                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses        11057                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.int_alu_accesses               4397098                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_alu_accesses                  13568                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads            2775                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       766166                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           95                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            2                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        33018                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           19                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked         1235                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu0.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu0.iew.iewSquashCycles                 58702                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu0.iew.iewBlockCycles               25858142                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewUnblockCycles               264624                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispatchedInsts            6231049                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts             3424                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispLoadInsts              1198820                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispStoreInsts               52462                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts              1186                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewIQFullEvents                 16740                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                66262                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             2                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu0.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         30739                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        33330                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.branchMispredicts               64069                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecutedInsts              4336831                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecLoadInsts               665925                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts            74301                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu0.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_refs                      700919                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_branches                  520314                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_stores                     34994                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_rate                    0.142030                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu0.iew.wb_sent                       4260156                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu0.iew.wb_count                      4247345                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu0.iew.wb_producers                  3130844                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_consumers                  4923757                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_rate                      0.139099                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu0.iew.wb_fanout                    0.635865                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu0.commit.commitSquashedInsts        3972198                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu0.commit.branchMispredicts            58701                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     29929595                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.075498                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     0.497221                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     28923550     96.64%     96.64% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       472334      1.58%     98.22% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       109319      0.37%     98.58% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       304530      1.02%     99.60% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        53508      0.18%     99.78% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        25748      0.09%     99.86% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         4641      0.02%     99.88% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         3267      0.01%     99.89% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        32698      0.11%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     29929595                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committedInsts             1130922                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.commit.committedOps               2259633                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu0.commit.refs                        452094                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu0.commit.loads                       432650                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu0.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu0.commit.branches                    411819                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu0.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.fp_insts                      7836                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.int_insts                  2251702                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.function_calls                3450                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass         2375      0.11%      0.11% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu         1792556     79.33%     79.43% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntMult            138      0.01%     79.44% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv            5774      0.26%     79.70% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd          6696      0.30%     79.99% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     79.99% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     79.99% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.99% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.99% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     79.99% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0      0.00%     79.99% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.99% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     79.99% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.99% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     79.99% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     79.99% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     79.99% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     79.99% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0      0.00%     79.99% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.99% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.99% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.99% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     79.99% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.99% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.99% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.99% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.99% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.99% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     79.99% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.99% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.99% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.99% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemRead         431510     19.10%     99.09% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite         19444      0.86%     99.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead         1140      0.05%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::total          2259633                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.bw_lim_events                32698                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu0.rob.rob_reads                    36128728                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu0.rob.rob_writes                   13021641                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu0.timesIdled                            343                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu0.idleCycles                          48282                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu0.committedInsts                    1130922                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu0.committedOps                      2259633                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu0.cpi                             26.999818                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu0.cpi_total                       26.999818                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu0.ipc                              0.037037                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu0.ipc_total                        0.037037                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_reads                 4241947                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_writes                3696427                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_reads                    19730                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_writes                    9828                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_reads                  2744128                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_writes                 1168496                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu0.misc_regfile_reads                2303703                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements           229614                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                1024                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs             269117                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           229614                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs             1.172041                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data         1024                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          729                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          283                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           12                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses          2946586                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses         2946586                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data       249689                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         249689                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.data        18631                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         18631                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu0.data       268320                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total          268320                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu0.data       268320                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total         268320                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data       410110                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       410110                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu0.data          813                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          813                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu0.data       410923                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total        410923                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu0.data       410923                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total       410923                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  34969786500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  34969786500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data     27899000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     27899000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  34997685500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  34997685500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  34997685500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  34997685500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data       659799                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       659799                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.data        19444                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        19444                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu0.data       679243                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total       679243                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu0.data       679243                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total       679243                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.621568                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.621568                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.041812                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.041812                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.604972                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.604972                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.604972                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.604972                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 85269.285070                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 85269.285070                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 34316.113161                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 34316.113161                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 85168.475602                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 85168.475602                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 85168.475602                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 85168.475602                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs        18755                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs              822                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    22.816302                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         2018                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total             2018                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       181305                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       181305                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data            4                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            4                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       181309                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       181309                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       181309                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       181309                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       228805                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       228805                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data          809                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          809                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       229614                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       229614                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       229614                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       229614                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  19418217000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  19418217000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     26713000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     26713000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  19444930000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  19444930000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  19444930000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  19444930000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.346780                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.346780                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.041607                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.041607                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.338044                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.338044                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.338044                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.338044                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 84867.974913                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84867.974913                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 33019.777503                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 33019.777503                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 84685.297935                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84685.297935                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 84685.297935                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84685.297935                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse                1021                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst         1021                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.997070                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.997070                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1021                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         1021                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.997070                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses          4786984                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses         4786984                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst      1196746                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        1196746                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu0.inst      1196746                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total         1196746                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu0.inst      1196746                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total        1196746                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst      1196746                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1196746                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst      1196746                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total      1196746                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst      1196746                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total      1196746                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.branchPred.lookups                      0                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.condPredicted                0                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu1.branchPred.condIncorrect                0                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBLookups                   0                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHitPct                  nan                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu1.branchPred.usedRAS                      0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu1.branchPred.RASInCorrect                 0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectLookups              0                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectHits                 0                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectMisses               0                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu1.branchPredindirectMispredicted            0                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu1.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::samples                 0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::mean                  nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::stdev                 nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::0                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::1                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::2                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::3                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::4                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::5                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::6                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::7                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::8                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::max_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::total                   0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.idleRate                        nan                       # Percent of cycles fetch was idle
system.cpu1.fetch.branchRate                      nan                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.fetch.rate                            nan                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.rename.serializeStallCycles             0                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu1.rename.serializingInsts                 0                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.tempSerializingInsts             0                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.skidInsts                        0                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedLoads                   0                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedStores                  0                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingLoads                0                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingStores               0                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean             nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev            nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::0                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::1                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::2                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::3                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::4                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::5                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::6                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::7                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::8                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::total              0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemRead                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::total                     0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.rate                               nan                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_cnt                          0                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_rate                       nan                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                  0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads               0                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads            0                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            0                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores            0                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu1.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu1.iew.iewSquashCycles                     0                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu1.iew.iewBlockCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewUnblockCycles                    0                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispatchedInsts                  0                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispStoreInsts                   0                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                 0                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewIQFullEvents                     0                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                    0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             0                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu1.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect             0                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect            0                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.branchMispredicts                   0                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecutedInsts                    0                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu1.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_refs                           0                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_branches                       0                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_stores                         0                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_rate                         nan                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu1.iew.wb_sent                             0                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu1.iew.wb_count                            0                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu1.iew.wb_producers                        0                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_consumers                        0                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_rate                           nan                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu1.iew.wb_fanout                         nan                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::0            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::1            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::2            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::3            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::4            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::5            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::6            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::7            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::8            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::total            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committedInsts                   0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.commit.committedOps                     0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu1.commit.refs                             0                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu1.commit.loads                            0                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu1.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu1.commit.branches                         0                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu1.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.fp_insts                         0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.int_insts                        0                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.function_calls                   0                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntMult              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemRead              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::total                0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.bw_lim_events                    0                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu1.rob.rob_reads                           0                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu1.rob.rob_writes                          0                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu1.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu1.committedOps                            0                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu1.cpi                                   nan                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu1.cpi_total                             nan                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu1.ipc                                   nan                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu1.ipc_total                             nan                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.replacements                    198160                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                        16384                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                      255677                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                    198160                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      1.290255                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks       12.967272                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data     16371.032728                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.000791                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data        0.999209                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total                   1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         16384                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           26                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1         1180                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2        10861                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         4286                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           31                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                   3869584                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                  3869584                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks         2018                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total             2018                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu0.data               624                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                   624                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu0.data         30834                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total             30834                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.data                31458                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                    31458                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.data               31458                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                   31458                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0.data             185                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                 185                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu0.data       197971                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total          197971                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.data             198156                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                 198156                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.data            198156                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                198156                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data     18648500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      18648500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  18725249500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total  18725249500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  18743898000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total      18743898000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  18743898000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total     18743898000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks         2018                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         2018                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0.data           809                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total               809                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu0.data       228805                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total        228805                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.data           229614                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total               229614                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.data          229614                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total              229614                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.228677                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.228677                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.865239                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.865239                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data        0.862996                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.862996                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data       0.862996                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.862996                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 100802.702703                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 100802.702703                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 94585.820650                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 94585.820650                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 94591.624780                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 94591.624780                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 94591.624780                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 94591.624780                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                  309                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                       309                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::writebacks            1                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::total             1                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data          185                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            185                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       197971                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total       197971                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        198156                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total            198156                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       198156                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total           198156                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     16798500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     16798500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  16745519500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  16745519500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  16762318000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  16762318000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  16762318000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  16762318000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::writebacks          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.228677                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.228677                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.865239                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.865239                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.862996                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.862996                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.862996                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.862996                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 90802.702703                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 90802.702703                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 84585.719626                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84585.719626                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 84591.523850                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84591.523850                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 84591.523850                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84591.523850                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests        396308                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       198158                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             197973                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          309                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict           197843                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq               185                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp              185                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        197971                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       594466                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total       594466                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 594466                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     12701888                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total     12701888                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                12701888                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples            198156                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                  198156    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total              198156                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer4.occupancy           467274500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer4.utilization               3.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy         1069737750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              7.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests       459228                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       229614                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests          542                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops              9                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            9                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp            228805                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         2327                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict          425447                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq              809                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp             809                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       228805                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       688842                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total                688842                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     14824448                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total               14824448                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                          198160                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                     19776                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples           427774                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.001288                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.035867                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                 427223     99.87%     99.87% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                    551      0.13%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::5                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::6                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::7                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::8                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total             427774                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy          231632000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              1.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy         344421000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             2.3                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
