
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.015267                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 15267344125                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               10870349017000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                               68950068                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                129035352                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              166606147                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1248940                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                    91.64                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  6318398303                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   11824454175                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.inst          25664                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.data        9955328                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total            9980992                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu0.inst        25664                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total         25664                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks      9910720                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total         9910720                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.inst             401                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.data          155552                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total              155953                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks        154855                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total             154855                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.inst           1680973                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.data         652066785                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total             653747759                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu0.inst      1680973                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total          1680973                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks       649144993                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total            649144993                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks       649144993                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.inst          1680973                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.data        652066785                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total           1302892752                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                      155954                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                     154855                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                    155954                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                   154855                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM                9980992                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                       0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                 9910912                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                 9981056                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys              9910720                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                      0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0              9360                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1              9838                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2             10217                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3              9641                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4              9369                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5              9816                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6             10010                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7             10118                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8             10135                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9              9994                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10             9903                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11             9884                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12             9506                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13             9267                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14             9507                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15             9388                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0              9320                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1              9819                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2             10070                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3              9577                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4              9279                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5              9778                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6              9930                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7              9883                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8              9988                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9              9999                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10             9888                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11             9869                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12             9456                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13             9230                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14             9448                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15             9324                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                   15267309000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                155954                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6               154855                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                  154774                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                     762                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                     295                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                     107                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                      16                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                     22                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                     24                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                   9563                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                   9617                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                   9649                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                   9674                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                   9684                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                   9688                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                   9688                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                   9680                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                   9695                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                   9690                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                   9696                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                   9699                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                   9694                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                   9710                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                   9688                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                   9681                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples        27352                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    727.241884                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   564.738653                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev   360.890587                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127         2093      7.65%      7.65% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255         2459      8.99%     16.64% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383         1638      5.99%     22.63% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511         1827      6.68%     29.31% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639         1505      5.50%     34.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767         1423      5.20%     40.02% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895         1266      4.63%     44.64% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023         1466      5.36%     50.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151        13675     50.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total        27352                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples         9672                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean      16.124173                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean     16.074472                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev      1.560481                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::4-7               3      0.03%      0.03% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::8-11             61      0.63%      0.66% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::12-15           102      1.05%      1.72% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::16-19          9360     96.77%     98.49% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::20-23           103      1.06%     99.56% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::24-27            23      0.24%     99.79% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::28-31             9      0.09%     99.89% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::32-35             1      0.01%     99.90% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::36-39             3      0.03%     99.93% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::40-43             4      0.04%     99.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::44-47             1      0.01%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::76-79             2      0.02%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total          9672                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples         9672                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      16.010649                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     16.009645                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev      0.192911                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16             9638     99.65%     99.65% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::17                2      0.02%     99.67% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::18               12      0.12%     99.79% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::19                8      0.08%     99.88% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::20                8      0.08%     99.96% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::21                3      0.03%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::22                1      0.01%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total          9672                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                   2865878250                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat              5789997000                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                  779765000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     18376.43                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    4999.97                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                37126.31                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                       653.75                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                       649.16                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                    653.75                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                    649.14                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                        10.18                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     5.11                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    5.07                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.02                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      26.15                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                   142420                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                  141038                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 91.32                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                91.08                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                      49121.19                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    91.20                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                 98460600                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                 52329255                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy               559554660                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy              405348660                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         746787600.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy           1497181950                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy             61771200                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy      2105106330                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy       308864160                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy       1581857880                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy             7417373025                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            485.832569                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime          11823066375                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE     42140000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF     316470000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF   6402144375                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    804333000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT    3085667750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   4616589000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                 96839820                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                 51471585                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy               553949760                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy              403010100                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         752934000.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy           1522658670                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy             66818400                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy      2075675520                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy       336537600                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy       1564040820                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy             7423936275                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            486.262458                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime          11690792000                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE     53519125                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF     319088000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF   6325847500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    876407250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT    3140723000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   4551759250                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.branchPred.lookups                1344702                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.condPredicted          1344702                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu0.branchPred.condIncorrect             8130                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBLookups             1334097                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHitPct             0.000000                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu0.branchPred.usedRAS                   4200                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu0.branchPred.RASInCorrect               892                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectLookups        1334097                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectHits           1290184                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectMisses           43913                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu0.branchPredindirectMispredicted         5702                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb.rdAccesses                     511586                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrAccesses                    1326725                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.dtb.rdMisses                          873                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrMisses                         2673                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrAccesses                      65568                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrMisses                          255                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.workload.numSyscalls                   58                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.numCycles                        30534689                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.fetch.icacheStallCycles             92985                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu0.fetch.Insts                       6098276                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu0.fetch.Branches                    1344702                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu0.fetch.predictedBranches           1294384                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu0.fetch.Cycles                     30396025                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu0.fetch.SquashCycles                  16868                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu0.fetch.MiscStallCycles                 133                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu0.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles          903                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu0.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           16                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.cpu0.fetch.CacheLines                    65413                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu0.fetch.IcacheSquashes                 2370                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::samples          30498496                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::mean             0.404483                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::stdev            1.682682                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::0                28619884     93.84%     93.84% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::1                   57629      0.19%     94.03% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::2                   61965      0.20%     94.23% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::3                  333160      1.09%     95.32% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::4                   38727      0.13%     95.45% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::5                   12089      0.04%     95.49% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::6                   12219      0.04%     95.53% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::7                   36173      0.12%     95.65% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::8                 1326650      4.35%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::total            30498496                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.branchRate                 0.044039                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.fetch.rate                       0.199716                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.decode.IdleCycles                  436205                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu0.decode.BlockedCycles             28505573                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu0.decode.RunCycles                   733192                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu0.decode.UnblockCycles               815092                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu0.decode.SquashCycles                  8434                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu0.decode.DecodedInsts              12256988                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu0.rename.SquashCycles                  8434                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu0.rename.IdleCycles                  721154                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu0.rename.BlockCycles                 295851                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu0.rename.serializeStallCycles         16792                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu0.rename.RunCycles                  1261912                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu0.rename.UnblockCycles             28194353                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedInsts              12215652                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu0.rename.ROBFullEvents                 1650                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu0.rename.IQFullEvents                 25843                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu0.rename.LQFullEvents                  7591                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu0.rename.SQFullEvents              27883958                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedOperands           15702774                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu0.rename.RenameLookups             25741397                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu0.rename.int_rename_lookups        14105623                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.fp_rename_lookups           449587                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.CommittedMaps             15366499                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu0.rename.UndoneMaps                  336305                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu0.rename.serializingInsts               154                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.tempSerializingInsts           166                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.skidInsts                  4866080                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedLoads              524357                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedStores            1336313                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingLoads            30546                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingStores           24477                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsAdded                  12139521                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu0.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded                930                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsIssued                 12062156                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued             2284                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined         214448                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       313276                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           782                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     30498496                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        0.395500                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       1.302089                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::0           27279790     89.45%     89.45% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::1             511230      1.68%     91.12% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::2             555883      1.82%     92.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::3             362451      1.19%     94.13% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::4             315466      1.03%     95.17% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::5            1043846      3.42%     98.59% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::6             174089      0.57%     99.16% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::7             219749      0.72%     99.88% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::8              35992      0.12%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       30498496                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                 107383     94.46%     94.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0      0.00%     94.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%     94.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                  661      0.58%     95.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%     95.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%     95.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0      0.00%     95.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0      0.00%     95.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%     95.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0      0.00%     95.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%     95.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%     95.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%     95.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%     95.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%     95.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%     95.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%     95.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%     95.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%     95.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%     95.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%     95.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%     95.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%     95.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%     95.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%     95.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%     95.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%     95.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%     95.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%     95.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     95.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%     95.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemRead                  1028      0.90%     95.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                  250      0.22%     96.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead             4153      3.65%     99.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite             208      0.18%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass             5716      0.05%      0.05% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu             10090959     83.66%     83.71% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                  95      0.00%     83.71% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                  328      0.00%     83.71% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd             121619      1.01%     84.72% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     84.72% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     84.72% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     84.72% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     84.72% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0      0.00%     84.72% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0      0.00%     84.72% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     84.72% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     84.72% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     84.72% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     84.72% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     84.72% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     84.72% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0      0.00%     84.72% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     84.72% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     84.72% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     84.72% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     84.72% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     84.72% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     84.72% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     84.72% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     84.72% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     84.72% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     84.72% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0      0.00%     84.72% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     84.72% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.72% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     84.72% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead              445613      3.69%     88.41% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite            1274487     10.57%     98.98% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead          69464      0.58%     99.55% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite         53875      0.45%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::total              12062156                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.rate                          0.395031                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_cnt                     113683                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.009425                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_reads          54190262                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_writes         12052430                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     11764365                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads             548520                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            302708                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses       268840                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.int_alu_accesses              11893390                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_alu_accesses                 276733                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads            2442                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        29819                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           55                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          261                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        15602                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           24                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked          637                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu0.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu0.iew.iewSquashCycles                  8434                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu0.iew.iewBlockCycles                  72255                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewUnblockCycles               175814                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispatchedInsts           12140451                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts             1054                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispLoadInsts               524357                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispStoreInsts             1336313                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts               407                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewIQFullEvents                   515                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.iewLSQFullEvents               175046                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           261                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu0.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect          2211                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         7933                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.branchMispredicts               10144                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecutedInsts             12042792                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecLoadInsts               511355                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts            19371                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu0.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_refs                     1838061                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_branches                 1312037                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_stores                   1326706                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_rate                    0.394397                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu0.iew.wb_sent                      12037245                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu0.iew.wb_count                     12033205                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu0.iew.wb_producers                  8825671                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_consumers                 12185038                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_rate                      0.394083                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu0.iew.wb_fanout                    0.724304                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu0.commit.commitSquashedInsts         214717                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu0.commit.commitNonSpecStalls            148                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu0.commit.branchMispredicts             8252                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     30464559                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.391472                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.344549                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     27376546     89.86%     89.86% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       391720      1.29%     91.15% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       326703      1.07%     92.22% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      1138074      3.74%     95.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        68822      0.23%     96.18% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       621036      2.04%     98.22% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       107170      0.35%     98.57% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        32716      0.11%     98.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       401772      1.32%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     30464559                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committedInsts             5865456                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.commit.committedOps              11926024                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu0.commit.refs                       1815251                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu0.commit.loads                       494538                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu0.commit.membars                         60                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu0.commit.branches                   1303761                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu0.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.fp_insts                    263470                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.int_insts                 11783487                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.function_calls                1227                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass         3220      0.03%      0.03% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu         9988398     83.75%     83.78% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntMult             74      0.00%     83.78% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv             276      0.00%     83.78% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd        118805      1.00%     84.78% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     84.78% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     84.78% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     84.78% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.78% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     84.78% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0      0.00%     84.78% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     84.78% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     84.78% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     84.78% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     84.78% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     84.78% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     84.78% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     84.78% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0      0.00%     84.78% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.78% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     84.78% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     84.78% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     84.78% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     84.78% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     84.78% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     84.78% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     84.78% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     84.78% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     84.78% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     84.78% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.78% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     84.78% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemRead         428374      3.59%     88.37% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite       1267514     10.63%     99.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead        66164      0.55%     99.55% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite        53199      0.45%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::total         11926024                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.bw_lim_events               401772                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu0.rob.rob_reads                    42203528                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu0.rob.rob_writes                   24315991                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu0.timesIdled                            333                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu0.idleCycles                          36193                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu0.committedInsts                    5865456                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu0.committedOps                     11926024                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu0.cpi                              5.205851                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu0.cpi_total                        5.205851                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu0.ipc                              0.192092                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu0.ipc_total                        0.192092                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_reads                13829275                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_writes                9178446                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_reads                   417687                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_writes                  213985                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_reads                  6542581                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_writes                 6098979                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu0.misc_regfile_reads                4471528                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements           155605                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                1024                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs            1526526                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           155605                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs             9.810263                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data         1024                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           93                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          828                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          103                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses          7469961                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses         7469961                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data       502986                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         502986                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.data      1166801                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       1166801                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu0.data      1669787                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total         1669787                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu0.data      1669787                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total        1669787                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data         4880                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         4880                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu0.data       153922                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       153922                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu0.data       158802                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total        158802                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu0.data       158802                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total       158802                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    431184000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    431184000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  13877678497                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  13877678497                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  14308862497                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  14308862497                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  14308862497                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  14308862497                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data       507866                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       507866                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.data      1320723                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      1320723                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu0.data      1828589                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1828589                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu0.data      1828589                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1828589                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.009609                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009609                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.116544                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.116544                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.086844                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.086844                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.086844                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.086844                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 88357.377049                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 88357.377049                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 90160.461123                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 90160.461123                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 90105.052184                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 90105.052184                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 90105.052184                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 90105.052184                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs        14345                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets         1486                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs              188                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              3                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    76.303191                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets   495.333333                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       154325                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total           154325                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data         3185                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         3185                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data            7                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.data         3192                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         3192                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.data         3192                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         3192                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         1695                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1695                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       153915                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       153915                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       155610                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       155610                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       155610                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       155610                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    173798500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    173798500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  13723211497                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  13723211497                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  13897009997                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  13897009997                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  13897009997                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  13897009997                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.003337                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003337                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.116538                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.116538                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.085098                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.085098                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.085098                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.085098                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 102535.988201                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 102535.988201                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 89160.975194                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 89160.975194                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 89306.664077                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 89306.664077                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 89306.664077                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 89306.664077                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements              735                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse         1020.993415                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs              19096                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs              735                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs            25.980952                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst  1020.993415                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.997064                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.997064                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1021                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          139                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           60                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          822                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.997070                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses           262391                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses          262391                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst        64497                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total          64497                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu0.inst        64497                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total           64497                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu0.inst        64497                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total          64497                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.inst          916                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          916                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::cpu0.inst          916                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total           916                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::cpu0.inst          916                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total          916                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     68302999                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     68302999                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     68302999                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     68302999                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     68302999                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     68302999                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst        65413                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total        65413                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst        65413                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total        65413                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst        65413                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total        65413                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.014003                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.014003                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.014003                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.014003                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.014003                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.014003                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 74566.592795                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 74566.592795                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 74566.592795                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 74566.592795                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 74566.592795                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 74566.592795                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           24                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           24                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::writebacks          735                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::total              735                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst          177                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          177                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst          177                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total          177                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst          177                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total          177                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          739                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          739                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          739                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          739                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          739                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          739                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     49735500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     49735500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     49735500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     49735500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     49735500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     49735500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.011297                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.011297                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.011297                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.011297                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.011297                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.011297                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 67301.082544                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 67301.082544                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 67301.082544                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 67301.082544                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 67301.082544                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 67301.082544                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.branchPred.lookups                      0                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.condPredicted                0                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu1.branchPred.condIncorrect                0                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBLookups                   0                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHitPct                  nan                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu1.branchPred.usedRAS                      0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu1.branchPred.RASInCorrect                 0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectLookups              0                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectHits                 0                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectMisses               0                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu1.branchPredindirectMispredicted            0                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu1.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::samples                 0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::mean                  nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::stdev                 nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::0                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::1                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::2                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::3                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::4                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::5                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::6                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::7                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::8                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::max_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::total                   0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.idleRate                        nan                       # Percent of cycles fetch was idle
system.cpu1.fetch.branchRate                      nan                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.fetch.rate                            nan                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.rename.serializeStallCycles             0                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu1.rename.serializingInsts                 0                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.tempSerializingInsts             0                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.skidInsts                        0                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedLoads                   0                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedStores                  0                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingLoads                0                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingStores               0                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean             nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev            nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::0                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::1                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::2                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::3                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::4                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::5                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::6                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::7                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::8                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::total              0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemRead                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::total                     0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.rate                               nan                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_cnt                          0                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_rate                       nan                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                  0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads               0                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads            0                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            0                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores            0                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu1.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu1.iew.iewSquashCycles                     0                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu1.iew.iewBlockCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewUnblockCycles                    0                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispatchedInsts                  0                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispStoreInsts                   0                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                 0                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewIQFullEvents                     0                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                    0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             0                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu1.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect             0                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect            0                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.branchMispredicts                   0                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecutedInsts                    0                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu1.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_refs                           0                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_branches                       0                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_stores                         0                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_rate                         nan                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu1.iew.wb_sent                             0                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu1.iew.wb_count                            0                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu1.iew.wb_producers                        0                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_consumers                        0                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_rate                           nan                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu1.iew.wb_fanout                         nan                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::0            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::1            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::2            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::3            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::4            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::5            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::6            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::7            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::8            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::total            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committedInsts                   0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.commit.committedOps                     0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu1.commit.refs                             0                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu1.commit.loads                            0                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu1.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu1.commit.branches                         0                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu1.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.fp_insts                         0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.int_insts                        0                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.function_calls                   0                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntMult              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemRead              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::total                0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.bw_lim_events                    0                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu1.rob.rob_reads                           0                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu1.rob.rob_writes                          0                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu1.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu1.committedOps                            0                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu1.cpi                                   nan                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu1.cpi_total                             nan                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu1.ipc                                   nan                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu1.ipc_total                             nan                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.replacements                    156587                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                        16384                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                      156208                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                    156587                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      0.997580                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks       54.931688                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst        34.728701                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data     16294.339611                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.003353                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst        0.002120                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data        0.994528                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total                   1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         16384                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           93                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          829                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         8467                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         6995                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                   2657843                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                  2657843                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks       154325                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total           154325                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks          734                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total              734                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu0.data                3                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total                    3                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu0.data                18                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                    18                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu0.inst            334                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::total                334                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu0.data            35                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total                35                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.inst                  334                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.data                   53                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                      387                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.inst                 334                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.data                  53                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                     387                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu0.data              1                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::total                  1                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0.data          153893                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total              153893                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu0.inst          401                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total              401                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu0.data         1660                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total            1660                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.inst                401                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.data             155553                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                 155954                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.inst               401                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.data            155553                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                155954                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data        29500                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total        29500                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  13492054500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total   13492054500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     45085000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total     45085000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    170789000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total    170789000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     45085000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  13662843500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total      13707928500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     45085000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  13662843500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total     13707928500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks       154325                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       154325                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks          734                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total          734                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu0.data            4                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total                4                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0.data        153911                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total            153911                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu0.inst          735                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total            735                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu0.data         1695                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total          1695                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst              735                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.data           155606                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total               156341                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst             735                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.data          155606                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total              156341                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.250000                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total        0.250000                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.999883                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.999883                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.545578                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total      0.545578                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.979351                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.979351                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst        0.545578                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data        0.999659                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.997525                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst       0.545578                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data       0.999659                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.997525                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data        29500                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total        29500                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 87671.658230                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 87671.658230                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 112431.421446                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total 112431.421446                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 102884.939759                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 102884.939759                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 112431.421446                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 87834.008344                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 87897.254960                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 112431.421446                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 87834.008344                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 87897.254960                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks               154855                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                    154855                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data            1                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total             1                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       153893                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total         153893                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          401                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total          401                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         1660                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total         1660                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst           401                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        155553                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total            155954                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          401                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       155553                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total           155954                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data        19500                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        19500                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  11953134500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  11953134500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     41075000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     41075000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    154189000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    154189000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     41075000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  12107323500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  12148398500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     41075000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  12107323500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  12148398500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.250000                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.250000                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.999883                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999883                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.545578                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.545578                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.979351                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.979351                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.545578                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.999659                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.997525                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.545578                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.999659                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.997525                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data        19500                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        19500                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 77671.723210                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77671.723210                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 102431.421446                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 102431.421446                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 92884.939759                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 92884.939759                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 102431.421446                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 77834.072631                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77897.319081                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 102431.421446                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 77834.072631                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77897.319081                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests        312033                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       156097                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp               2061                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       154855                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict             1223                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq                1                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq            153893                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp           153892                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq          2061                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       467986                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total       467986                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 467986                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     19891712                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total     19891712                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                19891712                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples            155955                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                  155955    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total              155955                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer4.occupancy           932140500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer4.utilization               6.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy          820208500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              5.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests       312689                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       156340                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests          125                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops            586                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops          586                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp              2434                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       309180                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean          735                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict            3012                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq               4                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp              4                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq           153911                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp          153910                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq           739                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq         1695                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side         2209                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       466824                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total                469033                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        94080                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     19835520                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total               19929600                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                          156591                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                   9910976                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples           312936                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.002272                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.047612                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                 312225     99.77%     99.77% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                    711      0.23%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::5                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::6                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::7                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::8                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total             312936                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy          311404500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              2.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy           1108500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy         233411496                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             1.5                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
