
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.015267                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 15267344125                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                                15267344125                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 170063                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   303102                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               60300208                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1216652                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                   253.19                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                    43058039                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                      76742105                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.inst         160256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.data        1563968                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total            1724224                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu0.inst       160256                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total        160256                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks       487616                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total          487616                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.inst            2504                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.data           24437                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total               26941                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks          7619                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total               7619                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.inst          10496652                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.data         102438773                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total             112935425                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu0.inst     10496652                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total         10496652                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks        31938495                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total             31938495                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks        31938495                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.inst         10496652                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.data        102438773                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total            144873921                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                       26941                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                       7619                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                     26941                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                     7619                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM                1724224                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                       0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                  486144                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                 1724224                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys               487616                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                      0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0              1866                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1              1683                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2              1746                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3              1768                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4              1684                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5              1829                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6              1861                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7              1773                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8              1740                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9              1588                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10             1428                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11             1490                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12             1709                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13             1565                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14             1689                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15             1522                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0               609                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1               526                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2               533                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3               541                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4               551                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5               562                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6               419                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7               473                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8               521                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9               365                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10              273                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11              356                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12              526                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13              424                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14              488                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15              429                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                   15265643500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                 26941                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6                 7619                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                   25666                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                     940                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                     257                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                      67                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                      10                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                    109                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                    111                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                    453                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                    457                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                    459                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                    461                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                    461                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                    461                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                    460                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                    460                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                    463                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                    462                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                    462                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                    462                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                    469                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                    468                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                    461                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                    462                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples         5995                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    368.680567                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   199.523452                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev   375.542507                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127         2603     43.42%     43.42% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255          712     11.88%     55.30% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383          377      6.29%     61.58% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511          355      5.92%     67.51% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639          440      7.34%     74.85% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767          144      2.40%     77.25% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895          130      2.17%     79.42% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          107      1.78%     81.20% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         1127     18.80%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total         5995                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples          460                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean      58.550000                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean     23.098391                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    577.759262                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::0-511           457     99.35%     99.35% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::512-1023            1      0.22%     99.57% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1535            1      0.22%     99.78% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::12288-12799            1      0.22%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total           460                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples          460                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      16.513043                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     16.487089                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev      0.953062                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16              351     76.30%     76.30% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::17                1      0.22%     76.52% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::18               93     20.22%     96.74% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::19               12      2.61%     99.35% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::20                2      0.43%     99.78% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::21                1      0.22%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total           460                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                    521456500                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat              1026600250                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                  134705000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     19355.50                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                38105.50                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                       112.94                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                        31.84                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                    112.94                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                     31.94                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         1.13                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     0.88                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    0.25                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.03                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      12.23                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                    22159                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                    6381                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 82.25                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                83.75                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                     441714.22                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    82.58                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                 19078080                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                 10136445                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy               101459400                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy               21997080                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         805178400.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy            459679920                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy             46245600                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy      2255477460                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy       918679680                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy       1764591900                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy             6402590385                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            419.365040                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime          14135617250                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE     82287250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF     342064000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF   6800060500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN   2392354750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT     704587500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   4945990125                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                 23740500                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                 12614580                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy                90899340                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy               17654040                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         799032000.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy            459260970                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy             24720960                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy      2667208410                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy      1052357280                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy       1380822060                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy             6528811650                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            427.632442                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime          14192853000                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE     25627000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF     338432000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF   5605046250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN   2740459500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT     708702500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   5849076875                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.branchPred.lookups                9214715                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.condPredicted          9214715                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu0.branchPred.condIncorrect           489879                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBLookups             7767557                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHitPct             0.000000                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu0.branchPred.usedRAS                 656218                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu0.branchPred.RASInCorrect             98454                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectLookups        7767557                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectHits           3410177                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectMisses         4357380                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu0.branchPredindirectMispredicted       348887                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb.rdAccesses                    9876332                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrAccesses                    4671771                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.dtb.rdMisses                        60274                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrMisses                        18634                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrAccesses                    7534225                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrMisses                         6888                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.workload.numSyscalls                  965                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.numCycles                        30534689                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.fetch.icacheStallCycles           7923809                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu0.fetch.Insts                      54848853                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu0.fetch.Branches                    9214715                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu0.fetch.predictedBranches           4066395                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu0.fetch.Cycles                     21906667                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu0.fetch.SquashCycles                 988538                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu0.fetch.MiscStallCycles                3859                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu0.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles        30383                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu0.fetch.PendingQuiesceStallCycles            7                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending quiesce instructions
system.cpu0.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           84                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.cpu0.fetch.CacheLines                  7527494                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu0.fetch.IcacheSquashes               122802                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::samples          30359078                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::mean             3.281065                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::stdev            3.546771                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::0                14376336     47.35%     47.35% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::1                  709885      2.34%     49.69% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::2                 1168211      3.85%     53.54% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::3                 1121969      3.70%     57.24% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::4                 1056630      3.48%     60.72% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::5                 1360062      4.48%     65.20% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::6                  736441      2.43%     67.62% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::7                  883936      2.91%     70.53% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::8                 8945608     29.47%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::total            30359078                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.branchRate                 0.301779                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.fetch.rate                       1.796280                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.decode.IdleCycles                 6166907                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu0.decode.BlockedCycles              9567945                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu0.decode.RunCycles                 11870416                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu0.decode.UnblockCycles              2259541                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu0.decode.SquashCycles                494269                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu0.decode.DecodedInsts              97026775                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu0.rename.SquashCycles                494269                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu0.rename.IdleCycles                 7171542                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu0.rename.BlockCycles                3039204                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu0.rename.serializeStallCycles         42425                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu0.rename.RunCycles                 12792988                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu0.rename.UnblockCycles              6818650                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedInsts              94735345                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu0.rename.ROBFullEvents               704063                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu0.rename.IQFullEvents               1967077                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu0.rename.LQFullEvents                  4031                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu0.rename.SQFullEvents               3407544                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedOperands          100952608                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu0.rename.RenameLookups            234886937                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu0.rename.int_rename_lookups       104440724                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.fp_rename_lookups         53135247                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.CommittedMaps             81860297                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu0.rename.UndoneMaps                19092273                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu0.rename.serializingInsts              2286                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.tempSerializingInsts          2513                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.skidInsts                 10660528                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedLoads            10749496                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedStores            5303825                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingLoads           291547                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingStores           99194                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsAdded                  90079258                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu0.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded              29491                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsIssued                 85389648                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued           192761                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       13366622                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     19657218                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         28328                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     30359078                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        2.812656                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       2.427090                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::0            8368339     27.56%     27.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::1            2717996      8.95%     36.52% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::2            3854889     12.70%     49.22% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::3            3854069     12.69%     61.91% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::4            3316645     10.92%     72.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::5            2863905      9.43%     82.27% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::6            2889760      9.52%     91.79% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::7            1472798      4.85%     96.64% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::8            1020677      3.36%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       30359078                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                 527171     75.89%     75.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0      0.00%     75.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%     75.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                25629      3.69%     79.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%     79.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%     79.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0      0.00%     79.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0      0.00%     79.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%     79.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0      0.00%     79.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%     79.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%     79.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%     79.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%     79.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%     79.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%     79.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%     79.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%     79.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%     79.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%     79.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%     79.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%     79.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%     79.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%     79.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%     79.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%     79.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%     79.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%     79.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%     79.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%     79.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemRead                 46924      6.76%     86.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                36590      5.27%     91.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead            21857      3.15%     94.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite           36455      5.25%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass           335398      0.39%      0.39% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu             55137773     64.57%     64.96% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult               23000      0.03%     64.99% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                47371      0.06%     65.05% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd           14906971     17.46%     82.50% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     82.50% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     82.50% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     82.50% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     82.50% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0      0.00%     82.50% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0      0.00%     82.50% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     82.50% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     82.50% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     82.50% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     82.50% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     82.50% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     82.50% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0      0.00%     82.50% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     82.50% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     82.50% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     82.50% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     82.50% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     82.50% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     82.50% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     82.50% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     82.50% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     82.50% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     82.50% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0      0.00%     82.50% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     82.50% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     82.50% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     82.50% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead             5467390      6.40%     88.91% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite            4197097      4.92%     93.82% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead        4650337      5.45%     99.27% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite        624311      0.73%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::total              85389648                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.rate                          2.796480                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_cnt                     694626                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.008135                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_reads         147691094                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_writes         75778908                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     56721624                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads           54334665                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes          27697194                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     26991470                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.int_alu_accesses              58480000                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_alu_accesses               27268876                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads          791006                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      1916277                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses         4422                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         1266                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores      1158560                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          329                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked          244                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu0.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu0.iew.iewSquashCycles                494269                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu0.iew.iewBlockCycles                1732296                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewUnblockCycles                76620                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispatchedInsts           90108749                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts             8339                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispLoadInsts             10749496                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispStoreInsts             5303825                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts             11576                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewIQFullEvents                  1598                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                74761                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          1266                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu0.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        139183                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       505546                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.branchMispredicts              644729                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecutedInsts             84235391                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecLoadInsts              9872839                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts          1154255                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu0.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_refs                    14541290                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_branches                 7173786                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_stores                   4668451                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_rate                    2.758679                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu0.iew.wb_sent                      83984801                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu0.iew.wb_count                     83713094                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu0.iew.wb_producers                 62771601                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_consumers                103840206                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_rate                      2.741573                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu0.iew.wb_fanout                    0.604502                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu0.commit.commitSquashedInsts       13366875                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu0.commit.commitNonSpecStalls           1163                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu0.commit.branchMispredicts           493770                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     28343994                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     2.707526                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     3.127727                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     10760673     37.96%     37.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      4754158     16.77%     54.74% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      1468401      5.18%     59.92% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      2858694     10.09%     70.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      1062823      3.75%     73.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       669632      2.36%     76.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       461811      1.63%     77.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       357671      1.26%     79.01% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      5950131     20.99%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     28343994                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committedInsts            43058039                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.commit.committedOps              76742105                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu0.commit.refs                      12978481                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu0.commit.loads                      8833216                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu0.commit.membars                        132                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu0.commit.branches                   6602327                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu0.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.fp_insts                  26731120                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.int_insts                 55972516                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.function_calls              409109                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass       218507      0.28%      0.28% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu        48688045     63.44%     63.73% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntMult          18225      0.02%     63.75% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv           40260      0.05%     63.80% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd      14798587     19.28%     83.09% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     83.09% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     83.09% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     83.09% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     83.09% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     83.09% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0      0.00%     83.09% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     83.09% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     83.09% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     83.09% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     83.09% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     83.09% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     83.09% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     83.09% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0      0.00%     83.09% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     83.09% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     83.09% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     83.09% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     83.09% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     83.09% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     83.09% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     83.09% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     83.09% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     83.09% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     83.09% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     83.09% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     83.09% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     83.09% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemRead        4248401      5.54%     88.62% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite       3637049      4.74%     93.36% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead      4584815      5.97%     99.34% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite       508216      0.66%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::total         76742105                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.bw_lim_events              5950131                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu0.rob.rob_reads                   112502843                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu0.rob.rob_writes                  182271539                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu0.timesIdled                           1503                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu0.idleCycles                         175611                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu0.committedInsts                   43058039                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu0.committedOps                     76742105                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu0.cpi                              0.709152                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu0.cpi_total                        0.709152                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu0.ipc                              1.410135                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu0.ipc_total                        1.410135                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_reads                86528352                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_writes               46385878                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_reads                 52733844                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_writes                24437768                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_reads                 33349609                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_writes                18453170                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu0.misc_regfile_reads               32110335                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements            24148                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          996.422305                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs            7034382                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs            24148                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs           291.302882                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle           176500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data   996.422305                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data     0.973069                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.973069                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            5                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           24                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          243                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          752                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         52710624                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses        52710624                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data      9016266                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        9016266                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.data      4126670                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       4126670                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu0.data     13142936                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total        13142936                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu0.data     13142936                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total       13142936                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data         8402                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         8402                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu0.data        20025                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total        20025                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu0.data        28427                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total         28427                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu0.data        28427                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total        28427                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    781158500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    781158500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data   1716877500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   1716877500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data   2498036000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2498036000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data   2498036000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2498036000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data      9024668                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      9024668                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.data      4146695                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      4146695                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu0.data     13171363                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total     13171363                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu0.data     13171363                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total     13171363                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.000931                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000931                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.004829                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.004829                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.002158                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.002158                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.002158                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.002158                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 92972.923114                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 92972.923114                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 85736.704120                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 85736.704120                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 87875.470503                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 87875.470503                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 87875.470503                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 87875.470503                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs         6935                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               60                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs   115.583333                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        22867                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total            22867                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data         3217                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         3217                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data           35                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           35                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.data         3252                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         3252                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.data         3252                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         3252                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         5185                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         5185                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        19990                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        19990                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        25175                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        25175                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        25175                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        25175                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    518683000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    518683000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   1693689000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1693689000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   2212372000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2212372000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   2212372000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2212372000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.000575                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000575                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.004821                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004821                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.001911                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001911                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.001911                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001911                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 100035.294118                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 100035.294118                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 84726.813407                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84726.813407                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 87879.721946                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 87879.721946                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 87879.721946                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 87879.721946                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements             3151                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse         1013.208524                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs            2700479                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs             3151                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs           857.022850                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle            87500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst  1013.208524                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.989461                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.989461                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            7                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            4                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          742                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          268                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses         30114146                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses        30114146                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst      7522492                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        7522492                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu0.inst      7522492                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total         7522492                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu0.inst      7522492                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total        7522492                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.inst         5000                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         5000                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::cpu0.inst         5000                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total          5000                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::cpu0.inst         5000                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total         5000                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    304239498                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    304239498                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    304239498                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    304239498                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    304239498                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    304239498                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst      7527492                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      7527492                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst      7527492                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total      7527492                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst      7527492                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total      7527492                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000664                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000664                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000664                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000664                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000664                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000664                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 60847.899600                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 60847.899600                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 60847.899600                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 60847.899600                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 60847.899600                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 60847.899600                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs         1568                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               33                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    47.515152                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::writebacks         3151                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::total             3151                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst          822                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          822                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst          822                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total          822                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst          822                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total          822                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst         4178                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         4178                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst         4178                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         4178                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst         4178                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         4178                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    254899498                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    254899498                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    254899498                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    254899498                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    254899498                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    254899498                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000555                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000555                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000555                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000555                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000555                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000555                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 61009.932504                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61009.932504                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 61009.932504                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61009.932504                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 61009.932504                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61009.932504                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.branchPred.lookups                      0                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.condPredicted                0                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu1.branchPred.condIncorrect                0                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBLookups                   0                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHitPct                  nan                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu1.branchPred.usedRAS                      0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu1.branchPred.RASInCorrect                 0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectLookups              0                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectHits                 0                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectMisses               0                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu1.branchPredindirectMispredicted            0                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu1.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::samples                 0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::mean                  nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::stdev                 nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::0                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::1                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::2                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::3                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::4                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::5                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::6                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::7                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::8                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::max_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::total                   0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.idleRate                        nan                       # Percent of cycles fetch was idle
system.cpu1.fetch.branchRate                      nan                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.fetch.rate                            nan                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.rename.serializeStallCycles             0                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu1.rename.serializingInsts                 0                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.tempSerializingInsts             0                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.skidInsts                        0                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedLoads                   0                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedStores                  0                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingLoads                0                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingStores               0                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean             nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev            nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::0                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::1                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::2                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::3                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::4                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::5                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::6                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::7                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::8                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::total              0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemRead                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::total                     0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.rate                               nan                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_cnt                          0                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_rate                       nan                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                  0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads               0                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads            0                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            0                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores            0                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu1.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu1.iew.iewSquashCycles                     0                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu1.iew.iewBlockCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewUnblockCycles                    0                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispatchedInsts                  0                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispStoreInsts                   0                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                 0                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewIQFullEvents                     0                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                    0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             0                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu1.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect             0                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect            0                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.branchMispredicts                   0                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecutedInsts                    0                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu1.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_refs                           0                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_branches                       0                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_stores                         0                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_rate                         nan                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu1.iew.wb_sent                             0                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu1.iew.wb_count                            0                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu1.iew.wb_producers                        0                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_consumers                        0                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_rate                           nan                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu1.iew.wb_fanout                         nan                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::0            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::1            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::2            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::3            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::4            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::5            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::6            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::7            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::8            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::total            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committedInsts                   0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.commit.committedOps                     0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu1.commit.refs                             0                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu1.commit.loads                            0                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu1.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu1.commit.branches                         0                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu1.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.fp_insts                         0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.int_insts                        0                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.function_calls                   0                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntMult              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemRead              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::total                0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.bw_lim_events                    0                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu1.rob.rob_reads                           0                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu1.rob.rob_writes                          0                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu1.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu1.committedOps                            0                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu1.cpi                                   nan                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu1.cpi_total                             nan                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu1.ipc                                   nan                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu1.ipc_total                             nan                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.replacements                     10715                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                  9907.205861                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                       12317                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                     10715                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      1.149510                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                     77000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks       60.368461                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst      1014.223803                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data      8832.613597                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.003685                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst        0.061903                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data        0.539100                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total            0.604688                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         16384                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           22                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          237                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3        16122                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                    479827                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                   479827                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks        22867                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total            22867                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks         3103                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total             3103                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu0.data                3                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total                    3                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu0.data                89                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                    89                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu0.inst           1671                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::total               1671                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu0.data           646                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total               646                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.inst                 1671                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.data                  735                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                     2406                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.inst                1671                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.data                 735                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                    2406                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0.data           19898                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total               19898                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu0.inst         2504                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total             2504                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu0.data         4539                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total            4539                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.inst               2504                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.data              24437                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                  26941                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.inst              2504                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.data             24437                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                 26941                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data   1662712500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total    1662712500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    230964000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total    230964000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    504042000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total    504042000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    230964000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data   2166754500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total       2397718500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    230964000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data   2166754500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total      2397718500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks        22867                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        22867                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks         3103                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total         3103                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu0.data            3                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total                3                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0.data         19987                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total             19987                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu0.inst         4175                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total           4175                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu0.data         5185                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total          5185                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst             4175                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.data            25172                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total                29347                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst            4175                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.data           25172                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total               29347                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.995547                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.995547                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.599760                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total      0.599760                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.875410                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.875410                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst        0.599760                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data        0.970801                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.918015                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst       0.599760                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data       0.970801                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.918015                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 83561.790130                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 83561.790130                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 92238.019169                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total 92238.019169                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 111046.926636                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 111046.926636                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 92238.019169                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 88666.959938                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 88998.867897                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 92238.019169                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 88666.959938                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 88998.867897                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                 7619                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                      7619                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        19898                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total          19898                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst         2504                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total         2504                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         4539                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total         4539                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          2504                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         24437                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total             26941                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst         2504                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        24437                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total            26941                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   1463732500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1463732500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    205924000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    205924000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    458652000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    458652000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    205924000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   1922384500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2128308500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    205924000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   1922384500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2128308500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.995547                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.995547                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.599760                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.599760                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.875410                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.875410                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.599760                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.970801                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.918015                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.599760                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.970801                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.918015                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 73561.790130                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 73561.790130                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 82238.019169                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 82238.019169                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 101046.926636                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 101046.926636                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 82238.019169                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 78666.959938                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 78998.867897                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 82238.019169                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 78666.959938                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 78998.867897                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests         36633                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests         9694                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp               7043                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         7619                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict             2073                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq             19898                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp            19898                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq          7043                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port        63574                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total        63574                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  63574                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port      2211840                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total      2211840                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                 2211840                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples             26941                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                   26941    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total               26941                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer4.occupancy            69406500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer4.utilization               0.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy          142562000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests        56652                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests        27302                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests           67                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops           1026                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops         1026                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp              9363                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        30486                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean         3151                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict            4377                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq               3                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp              3                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq            19987                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp           19987                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq          4178                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq         5185                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        11504                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        74498                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total                 86002                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       468864                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      3074496                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total                3543360                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                           10718                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                    487808                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples            40068                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.027353                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.163113                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                  38972     97.26%     97.26% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                   1096      2.74%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::5                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::6                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::7                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::8                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total              40068                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy           54344000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              0.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy           6267998                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy          37759500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
