
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.015267                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 15267344125                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               10809279640500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                              115857792                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                216755048                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              280943578                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1248940                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                    54.34                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  6296069223                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   11779138738                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.inst          26304                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.data        9995904                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total           10022208                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu0.inst        26304                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total         26304                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks      9950272                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total         9950272                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.inst             411                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.data          156186                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total              156597                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks        155473                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total             155473                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.inst           1722893                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.data         654724484                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total             656447377                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu0.inst      1722893                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total          1722893                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks       651735621                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total            651735621                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks       651735621                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.inst          1722893                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.data        654724484                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total           1308182997                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                      156596                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                     155473                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                    156596                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                   155473                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM               10022144                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                       0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                 9949696                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                10022144                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys              9950272                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                      0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0              9375                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1              9841                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2             10224                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3              9667                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4              9475                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5              9876                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6             10132                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7             10235                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8             10255                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9             10056                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10             9911                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11             9881                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12             9508                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13             9268                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14             9501                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15             9391                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0              9317                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1              9818                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2             10072                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3              9619                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4              9357                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5              9863                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6             10051                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7             10007                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8             10113                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9             10035                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10             9885                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11             9868                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12             9456                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13             9231                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14             9446                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15             9326                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                   15267418000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                156596                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6               155473                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                  155392                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                     774                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                     305                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                     104                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                      19                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                     29                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                     37                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                   9608                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                   9669                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                   9697                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                   9716                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                   9711                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                   9726                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                   9721                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                   9729                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                   9726                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                   9722                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                   9734                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                   9728                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                   9721                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                   9737                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                   9731                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                   9712                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      9                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples        27440                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    727.815743                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   564.823115                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev   360.486098                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127         2266      8.26%      8.26% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255         2086      7.60%     15.86% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383         1962      7.15%     23.01% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511         1706      6.22%     29.23% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639         1470      5.36%     34.58% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767         1743      6.35%     40.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895          991      3.61%     44.55% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023         1399      5.10%     49.65% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151        13817     50.35%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total        27440                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples         9707                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean      16.131349                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean     16.082233                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev      1.592648                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::4-7               4      0.04%      0.04% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::8-11             40      0.41%      0.45% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::12-15           121      1.25%      1.70% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::16-19          9394     96.78%     98.48% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::20-23           104      1.07%     99.55% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::24-27            25      0.26%     99.80% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::28-31             7      0.07%     99.88% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::32-35             4      0.04%     99.92% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::36-39             3      0.03%     99.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::40-43             1      0.01%     99.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::56-59             1      0.01%     99.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::60-63             1      0.01%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::76-79             2      0.02%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total          9707                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples         9707                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      16.015659                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     16.013952                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev      0.256307                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16             9661     99.53%     99.53% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::17                5      0.05%     99.58% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::18               13      0.13%     99.71% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::19                9      0.09%     99.80% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::20               10      0.10%     99.91% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::21                5      0.05%     99.96% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::22                2      0.02%     99.98% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::24                1      0.01%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::25                1      0.01%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total          9707                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                   2882548750                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat              5818723750                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                  782980000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     18407.55                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                37157.55                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                       656.44                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                       651.70                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                    656.44                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                    651.74                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                        10.22                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     5.13                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    5.09                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.01                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      26.16                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                   143000                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                  141620                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 91.32                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                91.09                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                      48923.21                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    91.20                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                 99246000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                 52750500                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy               562817640                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy              407702880                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         745558320.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy           1503449670                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy             62081760                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy      2099122470                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy       304595040                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy       1583630340                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy             7420954620                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            486.067161                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime          11808594500                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE     44473250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF     315968000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF   6412073750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    793266500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT    3098299625                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   4603263000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                 96682740                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                 51388095                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy               555284940                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy              403819200                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         749246160.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy           1506080790                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy             64070880                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy      2058538470                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy       333668160                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy       1588057320                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy             7407058215                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            485.156957                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime          11743753125                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE     46369500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF     317642000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF   6413927375                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    868879000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT    3106144000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   4514382250                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.branchPred.lookups                1301553                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.condPredicted          1301553                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu0.branchPred.condIncorrect             7844                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBLookups             1291804                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHitPct             0.000000                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu0.branchPred.usedRAS                   4223                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu0.branchPred.RASInCorrect               900                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectLookups        1291804                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectHits           1249281                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectMisses           42523                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu0.branchPredindirectMispredicted         5449                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb.rdAccesses                     444030                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrAccesses                    1285169                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.dtb.rdMisses                          823                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrMisses                         2645                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrAccesses                      64750                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrMisses                          322                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.workload.numSyscalls                   58                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.numCycles                        30534689                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.fetch.icacheStallCycles             91352                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu0.fetch.Insts                       5857609                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu0.fetch.Branches                    1301553                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu0.fetch.predictedBranches           1253504                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu0.fetch.Cycles                     30398039                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu0.fetch.SquashCycles                  16456                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu0.fetch.TlbCycles                       252                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
system.cpu0.fetch.MiscStallCycles                 212                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu0.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles         1537                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu0.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           16                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.cpu0.fetch.CacheLines                    64525                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu0.fetch.IcacheSquashes                 2331                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.ItlbSquashes                      1                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::samples          30499636                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::mean             0.386569                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::stdev            1.654580                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::0                28739375     94.23%     94.23% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::1                   49930      0.16%     94.39% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::2                   53311      0.17%     94.57% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::3                  278580      0.91%     95.48% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::4                   34413      0.11%     95.59% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::5                   11816      0.04%     95.63% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::6                   12195      0.04%     95.67% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::7                   32123      0.11%     95.78% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::8                 1287893      4.22%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::total            30499636                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.branchRate                 0.042625                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.fetch.rate                       0.191835                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.decode.IdleCycles                  419068                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu0.decode.BlockedCycles             28591782                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu0.decode.RunCycles                   692791                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu0.decode.UnblockCycles               787767                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu0.decode.SquashCycles                  8228                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu0.decode.DecodedInsts              11714011                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu0.rename.SquashCycles                  8228                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu0.rename.IdleCycles                  697695                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu0.rename.BlockCycles                 297141                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu0.rename.serializeStallCycles         15923                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu0.rename.RunCycles                  1200490                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu0.rename.UnblockCycles             28280159                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedInsts              11674150                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu0.rename.ROBFullEvents                 1684                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu0.rename.IQFullEvents                 25589                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu0.rename.LQFullEvents                  7287                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu0.rename.SQFullEvents              27976108                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedOperands           14943482                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu0.rename.RenameLookups             24679502                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu0.rename.int_rename_lookups        13451919                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.fp_rename_lookups           448689                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.CommittedMaps             14617632                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu0.rename.UndoneMaps                  325850                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu0.rename.serializingInsts               149                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.tempSerializingInsts           156                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.skidInsts                  4797704                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedLoads              456590                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedStores            1294582                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingLoads            30696                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingStores           27609                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsAdded                  11601167                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu0.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded                827                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsIssued                 11525222                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued             2112                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined         207989                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       305669                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           679                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     30499636                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        0.377881                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       1.268062                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::0           27392616     89.81%     89.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::1             498893      1.64%     91.45% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::2             540221      1.77%     93.22% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::3             359607      1.18%     94.40% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::4             313634      1.03%     95.43% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::5            1016617      3.33%     98.76% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::6             148600      0.49%     99.25% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::7             197739      0.65%     99.90% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::8              31709      0.10%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       30499636                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                  90489     93.49%     93.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0      0.00%     93.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%     93.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                  643      0.66%     94.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%     94.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%     94.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0      0.00%     94.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0      0.00%     94.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%     94.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0      0.00%     94.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%     94.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%     94.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%     94.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%     94.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%     94.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%     94.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%     94.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%     94.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%     94.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%     94.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%     94.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%     94.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%     94.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%     94.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%     94.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%     94.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%     94.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%     94.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%     94.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     94.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%     94.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemRead                  1086      1.12%     95.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                  234      0.24%     95.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead             4144      4.28%     99.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite             198      0.20%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass             5667      0.05%      0.05% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu              9663412     83.85%     83.89% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                  96      0.00%     83.90% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                  334      0.00%     83.90% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd             121590      1.05%     84.95% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     84.95% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     84.95% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     84.95% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     84.95% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0      0.00%     84.95% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0      0.00%     84.95% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     84.95% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     84.95% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     84.95% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     84.95% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     84.95% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     84.95% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0      0.00%     84.95% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     84.95% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     84.95% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     84.95% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     84.95% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     84.95% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     84.95% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     84.95% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     84.95% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     84.95% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     84.95% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0      0.00%     84.95% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     84.95% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.95% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     84.95% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead              378050      3.28%     88.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite            1232931     10.70%     98.93% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead          69318      0.60%     99.53% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite         53824      0.47%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::total              11525222                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.rate                          0.377447                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_cnt                      96794                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.008398                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_reads          53101092                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_writes         11508493                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     11228615                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads             547894                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            301736                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses       268727                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.int_alu_accesses              11339943                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_alu_accesses                 276406                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads            2528                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        29125                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           56                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          259                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        15218                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           17                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked          702                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu0.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu0.iew.iewSquashCycles                  8228                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu0.iew.iewBlockCycles                  72270                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewUnblockCycles               176862                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispatchedInsts           11601994                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts             1024                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispLoadInsts               456590                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispStoreInsts             1294582                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts               369                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewIQFullEvents                   502                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.iewLSQFullEvents               176113                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           259                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu0.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect          2224                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         7651                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.branchMispredicts                9875                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecutedInsts             11506802                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecLoadInsts               443800                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts            18420                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu0.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_refs                     1728949                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_branches                 1270313                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_stores                   1285149                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_rate                    0.376844                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu0.iew.wb_sent                      11501327                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu0.iew.wb_count                     11497342                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu0.iew.wb_producers                  8413564                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_consumers                 11695541                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_rate                      0.376534                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu0.iew.wb_fanout                    0.719382                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu0.commit.commitSquashedInsts         208237                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu0.commit.commitNonSpecStalls            148                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu0.commit.branchMispredicts             8044                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     30466666                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.373983                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.303601                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     27477074     90.19%     90.19% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       374361      1.23%     91.42% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       327985      1.08%     92.49% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      1106046      3.63%     96.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        72161      0.24%     96.36% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       635374      2.09%     98.45% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        90377      0.30%     98.74% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        28544      0.09%     98.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       354744      1.16%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     30466666                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committedInsts             5632983                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.commit.committedOps              11394005                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu0.commit.refs                       1706829                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu0.commit.loads                       427465                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu0.commit.membars                         60                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu0.commit.branches                   1262411                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu0.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.fp_insts                    263468                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.int_insts                 11251469                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.function_calls                1227                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass         3220      0.03%      0.03% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu         9564802     83.95%     83.97% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntMult             74      0.00%     83.97% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv             276      0.00%     83.98% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd        118804      1.04%     85.02% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     85.02% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     85.02% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.02% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.02% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     85.02% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0      0.00%     85.02% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.02% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     85.02% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.02% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     85.02% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     85.02% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     85.02% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     85.02% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0      0.00%     85.02% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.02% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.02% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.02% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     85.02% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.02% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.02% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.02% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.02% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.02% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     85.02% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.02% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.02% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.02% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemRead         361302      3.17%     88.19% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite       1226165     10.76%     98.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead        66163      0.58%     99.53% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite        53199      0.47%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::total         11394005                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.bw_lim_events               354744                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu0.rob.rob_reads                    41714164                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu0.rob.rob_writes                   23238010                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu0.timesIdled                            323                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu0.idleCycles                          35053                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu0.committedInsts                    5632983                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu0.committedOps                     11394005                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu0.cpi                              5.420696                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu0.cpi_total                        5.420696                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu0.ipc                              0.184478                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu0.ipc_total                        0.184478                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_reads                13184255                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_writes                8726017                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_reads                   417591                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_writes                  213911                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_reads                  6334474                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_writes                 5797981                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu0.misc_regfile_reads                4278677                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements           156241                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                1024                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs            1483933                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           156241                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs             9.497718                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data         1024                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           91                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          828                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          105                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses          7034601                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses         7034601                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data       435294                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         435294                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.data      1124821                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       1124821                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu0.data      1560115                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total         1560115                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu0.data      1560115                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total        1560115                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data         4919                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         4919                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu0.data       154556                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       154556                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu0.data       159475                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total        159475                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu0.data       159475                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total       159475                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    472010500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    472010500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  13936791999                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  13936791999                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  14408802499                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  14408802499                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  14408802499                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  14408802499                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data       440213                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       440213                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.data      1279377                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      1279377                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu0.data      1719590                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1719590                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu0.data      1719590                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1719590                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.011174                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.011174                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.120806                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.120806                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.092740                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.092740                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.092740                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.092740                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 95956.596869                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 95956.596869                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 90173.089359                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 90173.089359                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 90351.481417                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 90351.481417                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 90351.481417                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 90351.481417                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs        16205                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets         3468                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs              193                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              3                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    83.963731                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets         1156                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       154960                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total           154960                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data         3221                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         3221                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data            8                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.data         3229                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         3229                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.data         3229                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         3229                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         1698                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1698                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       154548                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       154548                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       156246                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       156246                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       156246                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       156246                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    178081500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    178081500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  13781665999                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  13781665999                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  13959747499                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  13959747499                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  13959747499                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  13959747499                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.003857                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003857                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.120799                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.120799                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.090862                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.090862                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.090862                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.090862                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 104877.208481                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104877.208481                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 89174.017127                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 89174.017127                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 89344.671217                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 89344.671217                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 89344.671217                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 89344.671217                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements              751                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse         1020.999192                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs              29445                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs              751                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs            39.207723                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst  1020.999192                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.997070                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.997070                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1021                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          135                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           70                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          816                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.997070                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses           258855                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses          258855                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst        63607                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total          63607                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu0.inst        63607                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total           63607                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu0.inst        63607                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total          63607                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.inst          918                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          918                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::cpu0.inst          918                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total           918                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::cpu0.inst          918                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total          918                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     65396499                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     65396499                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     65396499                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     65396499                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     65396499                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     65396499                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst        64525                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total        64525                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst        64525                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total        64525                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst        64525                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total        64525                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.014227                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.014227                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.014227                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.014227                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.014227                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.014227                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 71238.016340                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 71238.016340                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 71238.016340                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 71238.016340                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 71238.016340                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 71238.016340                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           51                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                2                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    25.500000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::writebacks          751                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::total              751                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst          163                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          163                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst          163                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total          163                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst          163                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total          163                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          755                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          755                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          755                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          755                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          755                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          755                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     49589500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     49589500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     49589500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     49589500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     49589500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     49589500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.011701                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.011701                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.011701                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.011701                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.011701                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.011701                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 65681.456954                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65681.456954                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 65681.456954                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65681.456954                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 65681.456954                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65681.456954                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.branchPred.lookups                      0                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.condPredicted                0                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu1.branchPred.condIncorrect                0                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBLookups                   0                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHitPct                  nan                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu1.branchPred.usedRAS                      0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu1.branchPred.RASInCorrect                 0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectLookups              0                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectHits                 0                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectMisses               0                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu1.branchPredindirectMispredicted            0                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu1.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::samples                 0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::mean                  nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::stdev                 nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::0                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::1                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::2                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::3                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::4                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::5                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::6                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::7                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::8                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::max_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::total                   0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.idleRate                        nan                       # Percent of cycles fetch was idle
system.cpu1.fetch.branchRate                      nan                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.fetch.rate                            nan                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.rename.serializeStallCycles             0                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu1.rename.serializingInsts                 0                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.tempSerializingInsts             0                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.skidInsts                        0                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedLoads                   0                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedStores                  0                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingLoads                0                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingStores               0                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean             nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev            nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::0                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::1                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::2                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::3                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::4                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::5                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::6                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::7                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::8                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::total              0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemRead                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::total                     0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.rate                               nan                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_cnt                          0                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_rate                       nan                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                  0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads               0                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads            0                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            0                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores            0                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu1.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu1.iew.iewSquashCycles                     0                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu1.iew.iewBlockCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewUnblockCycles                    0                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispatchedInsts                  0                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispStoreInsts                   0                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                 0                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewIQFullEvents                     0                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                    0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             0                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu1.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect             0                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect            0                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.branchMispredicts                   0                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecutedInsts                    0                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu1.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_refs                           0                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_branches                       0                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_stores                         0                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_rate                         nan                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu1.iew.wb_sent                             0                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu1.iew.wb_count                            0                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu1.iew.wb_producers                        0                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_consumers                        0                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_rate                           nan                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu1.iew.wb_fanout                         nan                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::0            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::1            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::2            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::3            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::4            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::5            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::6            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::7            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::8            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::total            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committedInsts                   0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.commit.committedOps                     0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu1.commit.refs                             0                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu1.commit.loads                            0                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu1.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu1.commit.branches                         0                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu1.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.fp_insts                         0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.int_insts                        0                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.function_calls                   0                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntMult              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemRead              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::total                0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.bw_lim_events                    0                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu1.rob.rob_reads                           0                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu1.rob.rob_writes                          0                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu1.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu1.committedOps                            0                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu1.cpi                                   nan                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu1.cpi_total                             nan                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu1.ipc                                   nan                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu1.ipc_total                             nan                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.replacements                    157241                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                        16384                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                      156849                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                    157241                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      0.997507                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks       51.936900                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst        33.261639                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data     16298.801461                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.003170                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst        0.002030                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data        0.994800                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total                   1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         16384                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           91                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          828                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         9086                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         6379                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                   2668873                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                  2668873                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks       154960                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total           154960                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks          747                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total              747                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu0.data                4                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total                    4                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu0.data                18                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                    18                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu0.inst            339                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::total                339                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu0.data            38                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total                38                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.inst                  339                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.data                   56                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                      395                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.inst                 339                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.data                  56                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                     395                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu0.data              1                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::total                  1                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0.data          154525                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total              154525                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu0.inst          411                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total              411                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu0.data         1660                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total            1660                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.inst                411                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.data             156185                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                 156596                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.inst               411                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.data            156185                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                156596                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data        28500                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total        28500                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  13549553500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total   13549553500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     44866500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total     44866500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    175045500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total    175045500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     44866500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  13724599000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total      13769465500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     44866500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  13724599000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total     13769465500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks       154960                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       154960                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks          747                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total          747                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu0.data            5                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total                5                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0.data        154543                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total            154543                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu0.inst          750                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total            750                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu0.data         1698                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total          1698                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst              750                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.data           156241                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total               156991                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst             750                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.data          156241                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total              156991                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.200000                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total        0.200000                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.999884                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.999884                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.548000                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total      0.548000                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.977621                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.977621                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst        0.548000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data        0.999642                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.997484                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst       0.548000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data       0.999642                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.997484                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data        28500                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total        28500                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 87685.186863                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 87685.186863                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 109164.233577                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total 109164.233577                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 105449.096386                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 105449.096386                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 109164.233577                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 87873.989179                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 87929.867302                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 109164.233577                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 87873.989179                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 87929.867302                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks               155473                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                    155473                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data            1                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total             1                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       154525                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total         154525                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          411                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total          411                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         1660                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total         1660                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst           411                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        156185                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total            156596                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          411                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       156185                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total           156596                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data        18500                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        18500                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  12004303500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  12004303500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     40756500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     40756500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    158445500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    158445500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     40756500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  12162749000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  12203505500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     40756500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  12162749000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  12203505500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.200000                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.200000                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.999884                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999884                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.548000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.548000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.977621                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.977621                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.548000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.999642                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.997484                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.548000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.999642                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.997484                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data        18500                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        18500                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 77685.186863                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77685.186863                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 99164.233577                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99164.233577                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 95449.096386                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 95449.096386                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 99164.233577                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 77873.989179                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77929.867302                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 99164.233577                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 77873.989179                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77929.867302                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests        313313                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       156738                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp               2071                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       155473                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict             1243                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq                1                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq            154525                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp           154525                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq          2071                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       469909                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total       469909                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 469909                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     19972416                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total     19972416                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                19972416                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples            156597                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                  156597    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total              156597                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer4.occupancy           935906000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer4.utilization               6.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy          823646500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              5.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests       313993                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       156993                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests          133                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops            605                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops          605                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp              2453                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       310433                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean          751                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict            3049                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq               5                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp              5                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq           154543                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp          154543                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq           755                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq         1698                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side         2256                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       468733                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total                470989                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        96064                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     19916864                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total               20012928                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                          157246                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                   9950592                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples           314242                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.002349                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.048405                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                 313504     99.77%     99.77% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                    738      0.23%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::5                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::6                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::7                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::8                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total             314242                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy          312707500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              2.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy           1132500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy         234364998                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             1.5                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
