
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.015267                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 15267344125                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               3542023837000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                               82982642                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                153735457                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              227683741                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1248940                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                    67.06                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  5564403652                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   10308737145                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.inst             64                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.data       12246208                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total           12246272                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu0.inst           64                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total            64                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks        46656                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total           46656                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.inst               1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.data          191347                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total              191348                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks           729                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total                729                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.inst              4192                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.data         802117768                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total             802121960                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu0.inst         4192                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total             4192                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks         3055934                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total              3055934                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks         3055934                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.inst             4192                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.data        802117768                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total            805177895                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                      191348                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                        729                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                    191348                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                      729                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM               12241472                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                    4800                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                   46208                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                12246272                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys                46656                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                     75                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0             11749                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1             11682                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2             11702                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3             12783                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4             13046                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5             12512                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6             12230                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7             11831                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8             11818                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9             11751                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10            11925                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11            11545                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12            11626                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13            11695                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14            11782                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15            11596                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2                77                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3               305                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4               146                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5               119                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6                 8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7                22                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13               45                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                   15267342500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                191348                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6                  729                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                  143820                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                   44016                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                    3375                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                      62                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                     45                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                     45                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                     46                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                     46                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                     46                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                     46                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                     46                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                     46                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                     46                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                     45                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                     45                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                     45                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                     45                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                     45                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                     45                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                     45                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples        97134                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    126.492474                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   108.696979                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev    76.739189                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127        43226     44.50%     44.50% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255        43542     44.83%     89.33% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383         8910      9.17%     98.50% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511         1245      1.28%     99.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639          161      0.17%     99.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767           21      0.02%     99.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895            9      0.01%     99.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023            8      0.01%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151           12      0.01%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total        97134                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples           45                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean    4180.311111                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean   4058.974122                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    989.328901                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::1792-2047            1      2.22%      2.22% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::2304-2559            1      2.22%      4.44% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::2560-2815            1      2.22%      6.67% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::2816-3071            3      6.67%     13.33% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::3072-3327            2      4.44%     17.78% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::3328-3583            7     15.56%     33.33% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::3584-3839            3      6.67%     40.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::3840-4095            4      8.89%     48.89% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::4096-4351            6     13.33%     62.22% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::4352-4607            2      4.44%     66.67% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::4608-4863            1      2.22%     68.89% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::4864-5119            5     11.11%     80.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::5120-5375            2      4.44%     84.44% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::5376-5631            3      6.67%     91.11% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::5632-5887            4      8.89%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total            45                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples           45                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      16.044444                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     16.041933                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev      0.298142                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16               44     97.78%     97.78% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::18                1      2.22%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total            45                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                   4694414000                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat              8280782750                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                  956365000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     24543.00                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                43293.00                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                       801.81                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                         3.03                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                    802.12                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                      3.06                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         6.29                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     6.26                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    0.02                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.32                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      25.45                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                    94244                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                     614                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 49.27                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                84.22                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                      79485.53                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    49.40                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                354665220                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                188493855                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy               696399900                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy                3533940                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         1204694400.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy           1638846900                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy             24438240                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy      5188979610                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy        88473120                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy                0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy             9388525185                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            614.941611                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime          11610521375                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE      9417000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF     509600000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    230557500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT    3137778000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  11379991625                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                338892960                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                180129675                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy               669289320                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy                 234900                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         1205309040.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy           1578842430                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy             24553920                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy      5201795490                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy       128095200                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy                0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy             9327142935                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            610.921118                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime          11740521125                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE      9642000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF     509860000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    333757250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT    3006440250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  11407644625                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.branchPred.lookups                1922781                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.condPredicted          1922781                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu0.branchPred.condIncorrect            95646                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBLookups             1511959                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHitPct             0.000000                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu0.branchPred.usedRAS                  76220                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu0.branchPred.RASInCorrect             10882                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectLookups        1511959                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectHits            780191                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectMisses          731768                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu0.branchPredindirectMispredicted        37613                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb.rdAccesses                     926318                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrAccesses                      90445                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.dtb.rdMisses                       160131                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrMisses                         1489                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrAccesses                    1509980                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrMisses                         7309                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.workload.numSyscalls                    0                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.numCycles                        30534689                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.fetch.icacheStallCycles           1555606                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu0.fetch.Insts                       5876738                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu0.fetch.Branches                    1922781                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu0.fetch.predictedBranches            856411                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu0.fetch.Cycles                     28741384                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu0.fetch.SquashCycles                 195950                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu0.fetch.TlbCycles                      2640                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
system.cpu0.fetch.MiscStallCycles                1584                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu0.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles        65402                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu0.fetch.CacheLines                  1502671                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu0.fetch.IcacheSquashes                13456                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.ItlbSquashes                      8                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::samples          30464591                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::mean             0.389311                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::stdev            1.573878                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::0                28256044     92.75%     92.75% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::1                   32766      0.11%     92.86% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::2                  697221      2.29%     95.15% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::3                   43821      0.14%     95.29% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::4                  152594      0.50%     95.79% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::5                  109546      0.36%     96.15% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::6                   99432      0.33%     96.48% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::7                   38500      0.13%     96.60% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::8                 1034667      3.40%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::total            30464591                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.branchRate                 0.062970                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.fetch.rate                       0.192461                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.decode.IdleCycles                  830304                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu0.decode.BlockedCycles             28048570                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu0.decode.RunCycles                  1145342                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu0.decode.UnblockCycles               342400                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu0.decode.SquashCycles                 97975                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu0.decode.DecodedInsts               9758218                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu0.rename.SquashCycles                 97975                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu0.rename.IdleCycles                  946330                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu0.rename.BlockCycles               26626118                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu0.rename.serializeStallCycles         21521                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu0.rename.RunCycles                  1289249                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu0.rename.UnblockCycles              1483398                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedInsts               9306078                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu0.rename.ROBFullEvents               114644                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu0.rename.IQFullEvents               1030366                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu0.rename.LQFullEvents                393769                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu0.rename.SQFullEvents                   275                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedOperands           11074687                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu0.rename.RenameLookups             25505833                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu0.rename.int_rename_lookups        12507979                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.fp_rename_lookups            66663                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.CommittedMaps              3613916                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu0.rename.UndoneMaps                 7460774                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu0.rename.serializingInsts               405                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.tempSerializingInsts           517                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.skidInsts                  2092934                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedLoads             1599055                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedStores             131383                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingLoads             6516                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingStores            6725                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsAdded                   8720144                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu0.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded               7576                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsIssued                  6299545                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued             9647                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined        5719368                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     11127731                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          7576                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     30464591                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        0.206783                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       0.856412                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::0           28067423     92.13%     92.13% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::1             867323      2.85%     94.98% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::2             488449      1.60%     96.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::3             338486      1.11%     97.69% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::4             374013      1.23%     98.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::5             138060      0.45%     99.37% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::6             113803      0.37%     99.75% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::7              45576      0.15%     99.90% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::8              31458      0.10%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       30464591                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                  18726     68.77%     68.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0      0.00%     68.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%     68.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                 1977      7.26%     76.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%     76.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%     76.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0      0.00%     76.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0      0.00%     76.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%     76.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0      0.00%     76.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%     76.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%     76.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%     76.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%     76.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%     76.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%     76.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%     76.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%     76.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%     76.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%     76.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%     76.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%     76.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%     76.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%     76.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%     76.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%     76.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%     76.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%     76.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%     76.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     76.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%     76.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemRead                  5832     21.42%     97.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                  475      1.74%     99.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead              215      0.79%     99.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               3      0.01%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            28686      0.46%      0.46% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu              5151314     81.77%     82.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                1645      0.03%     82.25% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                17342      0.28%     82.53% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd              25107      0.40%     82.93% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     82.93% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     82.93% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     82.93% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     82.93% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0      0.00%     82.93% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0      0.00%     82.93% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     82.93% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     82.93% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     82.93% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     82.93% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     82.93% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     82.93% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0      0.00%     82.93% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     82.93% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     82.93% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     82.93% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     82.93% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     82.93% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     82.93% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     82.93% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     82.93% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     82.93% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     82.93% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0      0.00%     82.93% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     82.93% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     82.93% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     82.93% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead              973600     15.46%     98.38% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite              97200      1.54%     99.93% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead           4644      0.07%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite             7      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::total               6299545                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.rate                          0.206308                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_cnt                      27228                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.004322                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_reads          43038567                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_writes         14391570                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      5985368                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads              61989                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes             55522                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses        27281                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.int_alu_accesses               6266133                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_alu_accesses                  31954                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads            7788                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      1062725                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          361                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            6                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        80766                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           89                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked         1187                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu0.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu0.iew.iewSquashCycles                 97975                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu0.iew.iewBlockCycles               24117029                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewUnblockCycles               308992                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispatchedInsts            8727720                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts             6639                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispLoadInsts              1599055                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispStoreInsts              131383                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts              2758                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewIQFullEvents                 22666                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.iewLSQFullEvents               107735                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             6                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu0.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         46837                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        64068                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.branchMispredicts              110905                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecutedInsts              6156628                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecLoadInsts               925870                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts           142917                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu0.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_refs                     1016295                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_branches                  702971                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_stores                     90425                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_rate                    0.201627                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu0.iew.wb_sent                       6041919                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu0.iew.wb_count                      6012649                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu0.iew.wb_producers                  4481771                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_consumers                  7116097                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_rate                      0.196912                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu0.iew.wb_fanout                    0.629807                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu0.commit.commitSquashedInsts        5720851                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu0.commit.branchMispredicts            97972                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     29636731                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.101508                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     0.610038                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     28400790     95.83%     95.83% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       551992      1.86%     97.69% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       137410      0.46%     98.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       346320      1.17%     99.32% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        76344      0.26%     99.58% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        42321      0.14%     99.72% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         9682      0.03%     99.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         7454      0.03%     99.78% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        64418      0.22%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     29636731                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committedInsts             1506765                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.commit.committedOps               3008367                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu0.commit.refs                        586957                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu0.commit.loads                       536335                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu0.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu0.commit.branches                    510891                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu0.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.fp_insts                     20280                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.int_insts                  2987909                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.function_calls                8925                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass         6082      0.20%      0.20% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu         2382954     79.21%     79.41% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntMult            357      0.01%     79.42% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv           14689      0.49%     79.91% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd         17328      0.58%     80.49% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     80.49% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     80.49% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     80.49% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.49% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     80.49% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0      0.00%     80.49% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     80.49% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     80.49% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     80.49% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     80.49% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     80.49% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     80.49% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     80.49% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0      0.00%     80.49% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.49% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     80.49% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     80.49% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     80.49% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     80.49% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     80.49% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     80.49% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     80.49% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     80.49% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     80.49% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     80.49% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.49% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     80.49% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemRead         533383     17.73%     98.22% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite         50622      1.68%     99.90% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead         2952      0.10%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::total          3008367                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.bw_lim_events                64418                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu0.rob.rob_reads                    38301531                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu0.rob.rob_writes                   18289080                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu0.timesIdled                            589                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu0.idleCycles                          70098                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu0.committedInsts                    1506765                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu0.committedOps                      3008367                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu0.cpi                             20.265064                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu0.cpi_total                       20.265064                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu0.ipc                              0.049346                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu0.ipc_total                        0.049346                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_reads                 6439722                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_writes                5231997                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_reads                    48615                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_writes                   24302                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_reads                  3637849                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_writes                 1676703                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu0.misc_regfile_reads                3120932                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements           254589                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                1024                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs             492157                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           254589                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs             1.933143                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data         1024                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          164                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          773                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           86                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses          4105753                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses         4105753                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data       448280                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         448280                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.data        49583                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         49583                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu0.data       497863                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total          497863                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu0.data       497863                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total         497863                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data       463889                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       463889                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu0.data         1039                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         1039                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu0.data       464928                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total        464928                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu0.data       464928                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total       464928                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  35434125500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  35434125500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data     58424500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     58424500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  35492550000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  35492550000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  35492550000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  35492550000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data       912169                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       912169                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.data        50622                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        50622                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu0.data       962791                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total       962791                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu0.data       962791                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total       962791                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.508556                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.508556                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.020525                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.020525                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.482896                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.482896                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.482896                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.482896                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 76384.922902                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 76384.922902                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 56231.472570                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 56231.472570                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 76339.884885                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 76339.884885                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 76339.884885                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 76339.884885                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs        27375                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs              943                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    29.029692                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         2363                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total             2363                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       210328                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       210328                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data           11                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       210339                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       210339                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       210339                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       210339                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       253561                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       253561                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         1028                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         1028                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       254589                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       254589                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       254589                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       254589                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  19171455500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  19171455500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     56320500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     56320500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  19227776000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  19227776000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  19227776000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  19227776000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.277976                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.277976                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.020307                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.020307                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.264428                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.264428                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.264428                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.264428                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 75608.849547                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 75608.849547                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 54786.478599                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 54786.478599                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 75524.771298                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 75524.771298                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 75524.771298                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 75524.771298                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements                1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse                1021                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs                1                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs                    0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst         1021                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.997070                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.997070                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1021                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         1020                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.997070                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses          6010685                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses         6010685                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst      1502669                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        1502669                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu0.inst      1502669                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total         1502669                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu0.inst      1502669                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total        1502669                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total            2                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::cpu0.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total             2                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::cpu0.inst            2                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total            2                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       209000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total       209000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       209000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::total       209000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       209000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::total       209000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst      1502671                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1502671                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst      1502671                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total      1502671                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst      1502671                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total      1502671                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000001                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000001                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000001                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000001                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000001                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000001                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       104500                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total       104500                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       104500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total       104500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       104500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total       104500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::writebacks            1                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::total                1                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst            1                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total            1                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       105500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       105500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       105500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total       105500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       105500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total       105500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000001                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000001                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000001                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000001                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000001                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000001                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       105500                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       105500                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       105500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       105500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       105500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       105500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.branchPred.lookups                      0                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.condPredicted                0                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu1.branchPred.condIncorrect                0                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBLookups                   0                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHitPct                  nan                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu1.branchPred.usedRAS                      0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu1.branchPred.RASInCorrect                 0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectLookups              0                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectHits                 0                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectMisses               0                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu1.branchPredindirectMispredicted            0                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu1.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::samples                 0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::mean                  nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::stdev                 nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::0                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::1                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::2                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::3                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::4                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::5                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::6                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::7                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::8                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::max_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::total                   0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.idleRate                        nan                       # Percent of cycles fetch was idle
system.cpu1.fetch.branchRate                      nan                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.fetch.rate                            nan                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.rename.serializeStallCycles             0                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu1.rename.serializingInsts                 0                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.tempSerializingInsts             0                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.skidInsts                        0                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedLoads                   0                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedStores                  0                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingLoads                0                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingStores               0                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean             nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev            nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::0                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::1                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::2                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::3                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::4                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::5                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::6                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::7                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::8                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::total              0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemRead                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::total                     0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.rate                               nan                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_cnt                          0                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_rate                       nan                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                  0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads               0                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads            0                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            0                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores            0                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu1.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu1.iew.iewSquashCycles                     0                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu1.iew.iewBlockCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewUnblockCycles                    0                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispatchedInsts                  0                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispStoreInsts                   0                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                 0                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewIQFullEvents                     0                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                    0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             0                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu1.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect             0                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect            0                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.branchMispredicts                   0                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecutedInsts                    0                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu1.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_refs                           0                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_branches                       0                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_stores                         0                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_rate                         nan                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu1.iew.wb_sent                             0                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu1.iew.wb_count                            0                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu1.iew.wb_producers                        0                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_consumers                        0                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_rate                           nan                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu1.iew.wb_fanout                         nan                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::0            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::1            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::2            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::3            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::4            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::5            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::6            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::7            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::8            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::total            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committedInsts                   0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.commit.committedOps                     0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu1.commit.refs                             0                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu1.commit.loads                            0                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu1.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu1.commit.branches                         0                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu1.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.fp_insts                         0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.int_insts                        0                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.function_calls                   0                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntMult              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemRead              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::total                0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.bw_lim_events                    0                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu1.rob.rob_reads                           0                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu1.rob.rob_writes                          0                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu1.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu1.committedOps                            0                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu1.cpi                                   nan                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu1.cpi_total                             nan                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu1.ipc                                   nan                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu1.ipc_total                             nan                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.replacements                    191363                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                        16384                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                      321124                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                    191363                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      1.678088                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks       12.681672                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst         0.063318                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data     16371.255010                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.000774                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst        0.000004                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data        0.999222                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total                   1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         16384                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          132                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1         1202                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2        10532                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         4491                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           27                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                   4262939                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                  4262939                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks         2363                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total             2363                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks            1                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total                1                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu0.data               544                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                   544                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu0.data         62698                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total             62698                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.data                63242                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                    63242                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.data               63242                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                   63242                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0.data             484                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                 484                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu0.inst            1                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total                1                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu0.data       190863                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total          190863                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.inst                  1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.data             191347                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                 191348                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.inst                 1                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.data            191347                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                191348                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data     48831000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      48831000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       104000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total       104000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  18101764000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total  18101764000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       104000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  18150595000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total      18150699000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       104000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  18150595000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total     18150699000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks         2363                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         2363                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks            1                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total            1                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0.data          1028                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total              1028                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu0.inst            1                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total              1                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu0.data       253561                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total        253561                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst                1                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.data           254589                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total               254590                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst               1                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.data          254589                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total              254590                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.470817                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.470817                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.752730                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.752730                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data        0.751592                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.751593                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data       0.751592                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.751593                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 100890.495868                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 100890.495868                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       104000                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total       104000                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 94841.661296                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 94841.661296                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       104000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 94856.961437                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 94857.009219                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       104000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 94856.961437                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 94857.009219                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                  729                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                       729                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data          484                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            484                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst            1                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total            1                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       190863                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total       190863                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst             1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        191347                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total            191348                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst            1                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       191347                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total           191348                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     43991000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     43991000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        94000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        94000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  16193134000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  16193134000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        94000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  16237125000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  16237219000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        94000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  16237125000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  16237219000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.470817                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.470817                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.752730                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.752730                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.751592                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.751593                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.751592                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.751593                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 90890.495868                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 90890.495868                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        94000                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        94000                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 84841.661296                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84841.661296                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        94000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 84856.961437                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84857.009219                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        94000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 84856.961437                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84857.009219                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests        382689                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       191348                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             190864                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          729                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict           190612                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq               484                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp              484                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        190864                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       574037                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total       574037                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 574037                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     12292928                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total     12292928                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                12292928                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples            191348                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                  191348    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total              191348                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer4.occupancy           450659500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer4.utilization               3.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy         1034971500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              6.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests       509180                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       254590                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests          449                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops             22                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops           18                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            4                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp            253562                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         3092                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean            1                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict          442860                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq             1028                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp            1028                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq             1                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       253561                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side            3                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       763767                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total                763770                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side          128                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     16444928                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total               16445056                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                          191363                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                     46656                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples           445953                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.001065                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.032893                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                 445482     99.89%     99.89% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                    467      0.10%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      4      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::5                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::6                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::7                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::8                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total             445953                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy          256954000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              1.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy              1500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy         381883500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             2.5                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
