
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.015267                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 15267344125                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               10702408231625                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                               83201131                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                155579212                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              203000873                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1248940                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                    75.21                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  6257409863                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   11700840226                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.inst          26048                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.data        9947264                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total            9973312                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu0.inst        26048                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total         26048                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks      9895360                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total         9895360                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.inst             407                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.data          155426                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total              155833                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks        154615                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total             154615                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.inst           1706125                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.data         651538599                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total             653244724                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu0.inst      1706125                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total          1706125                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks       648138924                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total            648138924                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks       648138924                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.inst          1706125                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.data        651538599                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total           1301383648                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                      155834                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                     154615                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                    155834                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                   154615                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM                9973376                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                       0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                 9895680                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                 9973376                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys              9895360                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                      0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0              9367                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1              9840                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2             10221                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3              9648                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4              9371                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5              9873                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6             10132                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7             10246                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8             10220                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9              9930                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10             9785                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11             9753                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12             9375                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13             9176                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14             9508                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15             9389                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0              9317                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1              9818                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2             10040                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3              9578                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4              9277                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5              9860                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6             10026                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7              9974                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8             10050                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9              9908                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10             9754                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11             9741                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12             9330                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13             9169                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14             9452                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15             9326                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                   15267403000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                155834                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6               154615                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                  154626                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                     780                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                     291                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                     116                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                      21                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                     25                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                     30                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                   9553                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                   9602                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                   9644                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                   9654                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                   9667                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                   9670                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                   9673                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                   9671                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                   9668                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                   9666                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                   9676                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                   9681                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                   9675                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                   9696                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                   9676                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                   9664                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      7                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples        27720                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    716.802309                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   559.339413                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev   358.871354                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127         2037      7.35%      7.35% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255         2411      8.70%     16.05% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383         2079      7.50%     23.55% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511         1883      6.79%     30.34% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639         1689      6.09%     36.43% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767         1604      5.79%     42.22% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895         1406      5.07%     47.29% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023         1155      4.17%     51.46% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151        13456     48.54%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total        27720                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples         9656                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean      16.139085                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean     16.088164                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev      1.581359                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::4-7               5      0.05%      0.05% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::8-11             44      0.46%      0.51% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::12-15           115      1.19%      1.70% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::16-19          9326     96.58%     98.28% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::20-23           122      1.26%     99.54% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::24-27            23      0.24%     99.78% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::28-31             5      0.05%     99.83% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::32-35             7      0.07%     99.91% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::36-39             2      0.02%     99.93% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::40-43             3      0.03%     99.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::44-47             1      0.01%     99.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::52-55             1      0.01%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::72-75             1      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::76-79             1      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total          9656                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples         9656                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      16.012842                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     16.011540                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev      0.221666                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16             9617     99.60%     99.60% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::17                2      0.02%     99.62% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::18               13      0.13%     99.75% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::19               12      0.12%     99.88% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::20                6      0.06%     99.94% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::21                1      0.01%     99.95% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::22                4      0.04%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::23                1      0.01%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total          9656                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                   2881124500                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat              5803012000                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                  779170000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     18488.42                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                37238.42                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                       653.25                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                       648.16                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                    653.25                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                    648.14                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                        10.17                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     5.10                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    5.06                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.01                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      26.16                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                   142196                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                  140539                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 91.25                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                90.90                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                      49178.46                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    91.07                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                100581180                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                 53460165                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy               561903720                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy              406585800                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         749246160.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy           1514222670                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy             59994720                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy      2109803700                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy       303666720                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy       1574775780                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy             7434322845                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            486.942770                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime          11785217000                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE     40087750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF     317510000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF   6372699750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    790736625                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT    3119560750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   4626749250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                 97332480                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                 51737235                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy               550743900                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy              400530600                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         749860800.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy           1504108020                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy             65113440                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy      2059192260                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy       332568000                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy       1589340060                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy             7400526795                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            484.729154                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime          11799242500                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE     46985000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF     317842000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF   6417466500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    866011500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT    3103274625                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   4515764500                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.branchPred.lookups                1343651                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.condPredicted          1343651                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu0.branchPred.condIncorrect             7763                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBLookups             1334090                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHitPct             0.000000                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu0.branchPred.usedRAS                   4244                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu0.branchPred.RASInCorrect               898                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectLookups        1334090                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectHits           1291161                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectMisses           42929                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu0.branchPredindirectMispredicted         5476                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb.rdAccesses                     513540                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrAccesses                    1327396                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.dtb.rdMisses                          805                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrMisses                         2651                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrAccesses                      64547                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrMisses                          329                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.workload.numSyscalls                   58                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.numCycles                        30534688                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.fetch.icacheStallCycles             91614                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu0.fetch.Insts                       6092031                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu0.fetch.Branches                    1343651                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu0.fetch.predictedBranches           1295405                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu0.fetch.Cycles                     30400636                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu0.fetch.SquashCycles                  16292                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu0.fetch.TlbCycles                         3                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
system.cpu0.fetch.MiscStallCycles                 218                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu0.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles         1440                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu0.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           16                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.cpu0.fetch.CacheLines                    64320                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu0.fetch.IcacheSquashes                 2269                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::samples          30502073                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::mean             0.404273                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::stdev            1.681976                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::0                28622500     93.84%     93.84% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::1                   58316      0.19%     94.03% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::2                   61868      0.20%     94.23% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::3                  335010      1.10%     95.33% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::4                   38849      0.13%     95.46% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::5                   11585      0.04%     95.50% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::6                   12140      0.04%     95.54% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::7                   36521      0.12%     95.66% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::8                 1325284      4.34%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::total            30502073                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.branchRate                 0.044004                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.fetch.rate                       0.199512                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.decode.IdleCycles                  434755                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu0.decode.BlockedCycles             28510919                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu0.decode.RunCycles                   734456                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu0.decode.UnblockCycles               813797                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu0.decode.SquashCycles                  8146                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu0.decode.DecodedInsts              12254844                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu0.rename.SquashCycles                  8146                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu0.rename.IdleCycles                  720876                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu0.rename.BlockCycles                 288150                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu0.rename.serializeStallCycles         13937                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu0.rename.RunCycles                  1260716                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu0.rename.UnblockCycles             28210248                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedInsts              12215855                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu0.rename.ROBFullEvents                 1768                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu0.rename.IQFullEvents                 25337                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu0.rename.LQFullEvents                  7570                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu0.rename.SQFullEvents              27898664                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedOperands           15705798                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu0.rename.RenameLookups             25732797                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu0.rename.int_rename_lookups        14102740                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.fp_rename_lookups           447329                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.CommittedMaps             15388466                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu0.rename.UndoneMaps                  317332                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu0.rename.serializingInsts               157                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.tempSerializingInsts           165                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.skidInsts                  4876253                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedLoads              525917                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedStores            1336628                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingLoads            30407                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingStores           22286                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsAdded                  12144173                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu0.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded                882                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsIssued                 12070232                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued             2279                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined         203785                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       298506                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           734                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     30502073                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        0.395718                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       1.302321                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::0           27281961     89.44%     89.44% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::1             509584      1.67%     91.11% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::2             557719      1.83%     92.94% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::3             362459      1.19%     94.13% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::4             313966      1.03%     95.16% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::5            1046896      3.43%     98.59% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::6             174859      0.57%     99.17% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::7             218697      0.72%     99.88% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::8              35932      0.12%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       30502073                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                 107820     94.49%     94.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0      0.00%     94.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%     94.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                  638      0.56%     95.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%     95.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%     95.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0      0.00%     95.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0      0.00%     95.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%     95.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0      0.00%     95.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%     95.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%     95.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%     95.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%     95.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%     95.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%     95.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%     95.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%     95.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%     95.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%     95.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%     95.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%     95.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%     95.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%     95.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%     95.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%     95.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%     95.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%     95.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%     95.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     95.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%     95.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemRead                  1073      0.94%     95.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                  239      0.21%     96.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead             4138      3.63%     99.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite             202      0.18%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass             5598      0.05%      0.05% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu             10096876     83.65%     83.70% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                  92      0.00%     83.70% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                  324      0.00%     83.70% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd             121506      1.01%     84.71% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     84.71% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     84.71% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     84.71% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     84.71% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0      0.00%     84.71% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0      0.00%     84.71% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     84.71% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     84.71% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     84.71% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     84.71% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     84.71% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     84.71% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0      0.00%     84.71% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     84.71% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     84.71% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     84.71% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     84.71% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     84.71% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     84.71% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     84.71% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     84.71% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     84.71% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     84.71% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0      0.00%     84.71% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     84.71% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.71% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     84.71% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead              447649      3.71%     88.42% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite            1275225     10.57%     98.98% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead          69183      0.57%     99.55% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite         53779      0.45%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::total              12070232                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.rate                          0.395296                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_cnt                     114110                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.009454                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_reads          54211487                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_writes         12048888                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     11774136                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads             547439                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            300186                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses       268547                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.int_alu_accesses              11902594                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_alu_accesses                 276150                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads            2556                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        28934                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           61                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          255                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        14892                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           24                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked          693                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu0.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu0.iew.iewSquashCycles                  8146                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu0.iew.iewBlockCycles                  74523                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewUnblockCycles               170690                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispatchedInsts           12145055                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts              976                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispLoadInsts               525917                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispStoreInsts             1336628                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts               389                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewIQFullEvents                   512                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.iewLSQFullEvents               169923                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           255                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu0.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect          2130                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         7668                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.branchMispredicts                9798                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecutedInsts             12052103                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecLoadInsts               513313                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts            18129                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu0.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_refs                     1840691                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_branches                 1312627                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_stores                   1327378                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_rate                    0.394702                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu0.iew.wb_sent                      12046613                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu0.iew.wb_count                     12042683                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu0.iew.wb_producers                  8832601                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_consumers                 12195176                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_rate                      0.394394                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu0.iew.wb_fanout                    0.724270                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu0.commit.commitSquashedInsts         204057                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu0.commit.commitNonSpecStalls            148                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu0.commit.branchMispredicts             7966                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     30469490                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.391909                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.345413                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     27379488     89.86%     89.86% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       390395      1.28%     91.14% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       326458      1.07%     92.21% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      1140266      3.74%     95.95% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        67180      0.22%     96.17% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       622917      2.04%     98.22% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       107794      0.35%     98.57% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        32844      0.11%     98.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       402148      1.32%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     30469490                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committedInsts             5871885                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.commit.committedOps              11941270                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu0.commit.refs                       1818719                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu0.commit.loads                       496983                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu0.commit.membars                         60                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu0.commit.branches                   1304754                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu0.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.fp_insts                    263470                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.int_insts                 11798731                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.function_calls                1233                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass         3222      0.03%      0.03% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu        10000174     83.74%     83.77% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntMult             74      0.00%     83.77% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv             276      0.00%     83.77% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd        118805      0.99%     84.77% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     84.77% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     84.77% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     84.77% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.77% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     84.77% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0      0.00%     84.77% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     84.77% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     84.77% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     84.77% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     84.77% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     84.77% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     84.77% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     84.77% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0      0.00%     84.77% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.77% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     84.77% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     84.77% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     84.77% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     84.77% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     84.77% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     84.77% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     84.77% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     84.77% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     84.77% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     84.77% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.77% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     84.77% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemRead         430819      3.61%     88.38% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite       1268537     10.62%     99.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead        66164      0.55%     99.55% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite        53199      0.45%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::total         11941270                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.bw_lim_events               402148                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu0.rob.rob_reads                    42212669                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu0.rob.rob_writes                   24323822                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu0.timesIdled                            322                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu0.idleCycles                          32615                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu0.committedInsts                    5871885                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu0.committedOps                     11941270                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu0.cpi                              5.200151                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu0.cpi_total                        5.200151                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu0.ipc                              0.192302                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu0.ipc_total                        0.192302                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_reads                13840898                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_writes                9186992                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_reads                   417483                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_writes                  213761                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_reads                  6546170                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_writes                 6105218                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu0.misc_regfile_reads                4474794                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements           155501                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                1024                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs            1672721                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           155501                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs            10.756979                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data         1024                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          100                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          924                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses          7481401                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses         7481401                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data       504780                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         504780                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.data      1167936                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       1167936                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu0.data      1672716                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total         1672716                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu0.data      1672716                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total        1672716                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data         4946                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         4946                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu0.data       153813                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       153813                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu0.data       158759                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total        158759                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu0.data       158759                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total       158759                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    441207500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    441207500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  13884019496                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  13884019496                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  14325226996                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  14325226996                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  14325226996                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  14325226996                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data       509726                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       509726                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.data      1321749                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      1321749                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu0.data      1831475                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1831475                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu0.data      1831475                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1831475                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.009703                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009703                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.116371                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.116371                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.086684                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.086684                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.086684                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.086684                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 89204.913061                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 89204.913061                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 90265.578956                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 90265.578956                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 90232.534823                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 90232.534823                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 90232.534823                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 90232.534823                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs        17963                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets          887                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs              204                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              3                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    88.053922                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets   295.666667                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       154217                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total           154217                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data         3239                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         3239                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data           14                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.data         3253                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         3253                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.data         3253                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         3253                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         1707                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1707                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       153799                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       153799                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       155506                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       155506                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       155506                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       155506                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    175582000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    175582000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  13729110497                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  13729110497                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  13904692497                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  13904692497                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  13904692497                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  13904692497                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.003349                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003349                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.116360                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.116360                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.084908                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.084908                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.084908                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.084908                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 102859.988284                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 102859.988284                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 89266.578437                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 89266.578437                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 89415.794227                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 89415.794227                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 89415.794227                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 89415.794227                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements              732                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse         1020.773363                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs              17728                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs              732                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs            24.218579                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst  1020.773363                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.996849                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.996849                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1021                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          199                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          822                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.997070                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses           258017                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses          258017                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst        63397                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total          63397                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu0.inst        63397                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total           63397                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu0.inst        63397                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total          63397                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.inst          923                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          923                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::cpu0.inst          923                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total           923                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::cpu0.inst          923                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total          923                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     68093499                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     68093499                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     68093499                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     68093499                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     68093499                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     68093499                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst        64320                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total        64320                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst        64320                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total        64320                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst        64320                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total        64320                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.014350                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.014350                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.014350                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.014350                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.014350                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.014350                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 73774.105092                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 73774.105092                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 73774.105092                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 73774.105092                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 73774.105092                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 73774.105092                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           26                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                2                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           13                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::writebacks          732                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::total              732                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst          186                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          186                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst          186                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total          186                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst          186                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total          186                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          737                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          737                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          737                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          737                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          737                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          737                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     49038000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     49038000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     49038000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     49038000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     49038000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     49038000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.011458                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.011458                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.011458                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.011458                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.011458                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.011458                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 66537.313433                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 66537.313433                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 66537.313433                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 66537.313433                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 66537.313433                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 66537.313433                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.branchPred.lookups                      0                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.condPredicted                0                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu1.branchPred.condIncorrect                0                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBLookups                   0                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHitPct                  nan                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu1.branchPred.usedRAS                      0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu1.branchPred.RASInCorrect                 0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectLookups              0                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectHits                 0                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectMisses               0                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu1.branchPredindirectMispredicted            0                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu1.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::samples                 0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::mean                  nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::stdev                 nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::0                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::1                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::2                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::3                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::4                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::5                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::6                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::7                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::8                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::max_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::total                   0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.idleRate                        nan                       # Percent of cycles fetch was idle
system.cpu1.fetch.branchRate                      nan                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.fetch.rate                            nan                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.rename.serializeStallCycles             0                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu1.rename.serializingInsts                 0                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.tempSerializingInsts             0                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.skidInsts                        0                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedLoads                   0                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedStores                  0                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingLoads                0                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingStores               0                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean             nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev            nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::0                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::1                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::2                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::3                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::4                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::5                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::6                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::7                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::8                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::total              0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemRead                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::total                     0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.rate                               nan                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_cnt                          0                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_rate                       nan                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                  0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads               0                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads            0                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            0                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores            0                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu1.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu1.iew.iewSquashCycles                     0                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu1.iew.iewBlockCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewUnblockCycles                    0                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispatchedInsts                  0                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispStoreInsts                   0                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                 0                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewIQFullEvents                     0                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                    0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             0                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu1.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect             0                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect            0                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.branchMispredicts                   0                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecutedInsts                    0                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu1.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_refs                           0                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_branches                       0                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_stores                         0                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_rate                         nan                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu1.iew.wb_sent                             0                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu1.iew.wb_count                            0                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu1.iew.wb_producers                        0                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_consumers                        0                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_rate                           nan                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu1.iew.wb_fanout                         nan                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::0            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::1            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::2            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::3            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::4            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::5            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::6            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::7            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::8            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::total            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committedInsts                   0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.commit.committedOps                     0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu1.commit.refs                             0                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu1.commit.loads                            0                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu1.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu1.commit.branches                         0                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu1.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.fp_insts                         0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.int_insts                        0                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.function_calls                   0                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntMult              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemRead              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::total                0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.bw_lim_events                    0                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu1.rob.rob_reads                           0                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu1.rob.rob_writes                          0                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu1.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu1.committedOps                            0                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu1.cpi                                   nan                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu1.cpi_total                             nan                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu1.ipc                                   nan                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu1.ipc_total                             nan                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.replacements                    156463                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                        16384                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                      156018                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                    156463                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      0.997156                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks       57.887002                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst        37.651855                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data     16288.461143                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.003533                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst        0.002298                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data        0.994169                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total                   1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         16384                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          100                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          954                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         8674                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         6656                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                   2655967                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                  2655967                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks       154217                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total           154217                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks          731                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total              731                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu0.data                5                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total                    5                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu0.data                24                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                    24                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu0.inst            326                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::total                326                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu0.data            50                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total                50                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.inst                  326                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.data                   74                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                      400                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.inst                 326                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.data                  74                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                     400                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0.data          153770                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total              153770                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu0.inst          407                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total              407                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu0.data         1657                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total            1657                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.inst                407                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.data             155427                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                 155834                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.inst               407                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.data            155427                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                155834                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  13497993000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total   13497993000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     44488000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total     44488000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    172395500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total    172395500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     44488000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  13670388500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total      13714876500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     44488000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  13670388500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total     13714876500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks       154217                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       154217                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks          731                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total          731                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu0.data            5                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total                5                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0.data        153794                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total            153794                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu0.inst          733                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total            733                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu0.data         1707                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total          1707                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst              733                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.data           155501                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total               156234                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst             733                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.data          155501                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total              156234                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.999844                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.999844                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.555252                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total      0.555252                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.970709                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.970709                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst        0.555252                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data        0.999524                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.997440                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst       0.555252                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data       0.999524                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.997440                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 87780.405801                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 87780.405801                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 109307.125307                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total 109307.125307                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 104040.736270                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 104040.736270                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 109307.125307                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 87953.756426                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 88009.526162                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 109307.125307                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 87953.756426                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 88009.526162                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks               154614                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                    154614                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       153770                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total         153770                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          407                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total          407                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         1657                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total         1657                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst           407                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        155427                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total            155834                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          407                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       155427                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total           155834                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  11960303000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  11960303000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     40418000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     40418000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    155825500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    155825500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     40418000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  12116128500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  12156546500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     40418000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  12116128500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  12156546500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.999844                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999844                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.555252                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.555252                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.970709                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.970709                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.555252                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.999524                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.997440                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.555252                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.999524                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.997440                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 77780.470833                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77780.470833                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 99307.125307                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99307.125307                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 94040.736270                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 94040.736270                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 99307.125307                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 77953.820765                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 78009.590333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 99307.125307                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 77953.820765                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 78009.590333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests        311744                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       155930                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp               2064                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       154615                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict             1295                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq            153770                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp           153769                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq          2064                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       467577                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total       467577                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 467577                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     19868672                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total     19868672                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                19868672                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples            155834                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                  155834    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total              155834                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer4.occupancy           930883000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer4.utilization               6.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy          819596000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              5.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests       312476                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       156234                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests          136                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops            637                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops          637                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp              2444                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       308831                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean          732                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict            3133                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq               5                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp              5                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq           153794                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp          153794                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq           737                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq         1707                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side         2202                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       466513                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total                468715                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        93760                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     19821952                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total               19915712                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                          156467                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                   9895552                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples           312706                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.002472                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.049658                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                 311933     99.75%     99.75% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                    773      0.25%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::5                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::6                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::7                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::8                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total             312706                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy          311187000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              2.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy           1105500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy         233255497                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             1.5                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
