
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.015267                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 15267344125                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               1664140509625                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                               19359725                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                 35260310                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               79928103                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1248684                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                   191.01                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  3697967436                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                    6735193328                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.inst           7680                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.data       14993536                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total           15001216                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu0.inst         7680                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total          7680                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks      3930432                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total         3930432                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.inst             120                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.data          234274                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total              234394                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks         61413                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total              61413                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.inst            503034                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.data         982065766                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total             982568800                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu0.inst       503034                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total           503034                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks       257440454                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total            257440454                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks       257440454                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.inst           503034                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.data        982065766                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total           1240009254                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                      234395                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                      61413                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                    234395                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                    61413                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM               15001152                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                     128                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                 3929984                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                15001280                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys              3930432                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                      2                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0             14438                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1             14478                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2             14514                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3             14679                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4             14525                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5             14486                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6             14851                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7             14708                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8             14867                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9             14967                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10            14724                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11            14625                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12            14662                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13            14602                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14            14729                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15            14538                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0              3743                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1              3712                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2              3712                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3              3653                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4              3585                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5              3585                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6              3827                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7              3733                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8              3821                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9              4164                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10             3968                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11             3986                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12             4017                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13             3944                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14             4078                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15             3878                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                   15267540000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                234395                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6                61413                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                  147794                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                   86510                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                      59                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                      24                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       4                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                     70                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                     71                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                   3225                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                   3823                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                   3823                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                   3827                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                   3835                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                   3835                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                   3840                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                   3852                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                   3843                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                   3831                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                   3841                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                   3954                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                   4084                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                   3874                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                   3850                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                   3924                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      9                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples        23153                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    817.623289                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   671.392121                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev   333.079662                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127         1360      5.87%      5.87% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255         1328      5.74%     11.61% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383         1056      4.56%     16.17% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511          833      3.60%     19.77% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639          891      3.85%     23.62% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767          655      2.83%     26.45% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895          862      3.72%     30.17% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023         1255      5.42%     35.59% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151        14913     64.41%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total        23153                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples         3828                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean      16.793887                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean     16.307639                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     19.156135                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::0-63           3817     99.71%     99.71% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::64-127            8      0.21%     99.92% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::128-191            2      0.05%     99.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::1152-1215            1      0.03%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total          3828                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples         3828                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      16.041275                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     16.038610                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev      0.307335                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16             3754     98.07%     98.07% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::17                3      0.08%     98.15% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::18               63      1.65%     99.79% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::19                5      0.13%     99.92% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::20                2      0.05%     99.97% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::22                1      0.03%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total          3828                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                   2710698250                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat              7105567000                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                 1171965000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     11564.76                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                30314.76                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                       982.56                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                       257.41                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                    982.57                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                    257.44                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         9.69                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     7.68                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    2.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.49                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      23.75                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                   216863                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                   55783                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 92.52                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                90.83                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                      51613.01                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    92.17                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                 82067160                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                 43619730                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy               833088060                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy              154251000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         852505680.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy           1514928900                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy             64753920                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy      2337304380                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy       484521600                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy       1363508580                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy             7730758650                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            506.359101                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime          11767929750                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE     63591000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF     361388000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF   5388597125                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN   1261740500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT    3065988250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   5126039250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                 83245260                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                 44245905                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy               840477960                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy              166288320                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         867871680.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy           1549583190                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy             68932800                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy      2153399580                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy       588224160                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy       1392859500                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy             7755128355                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            507.955299                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime          11689476250                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE     72055500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF     368098000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF   5435425500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN   1531863750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT    3137714375                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   4722187000                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.branchPred.lookups                3719230                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.condPredicted          3719230                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu0.branchPred.condIncorrect            16115                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBLookups             3651630                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHitPct             0.000000                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu0.branchPred.usedRAS                  63057                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu0.branchPred.RASInCorrect               284                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectLookups        3651630                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectHits           3452247                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectMisses          199383                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu0.branchPredindirectMispredicted         1621                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb.rdAccesses                    4128983                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrAccesses                     544097                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.dtb.rdMisses                         3245                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrMisses                          763                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrAccesses                     568688                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrMisses                           71                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.workload.numSyscalls                   10                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.numCycles                        30534688                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.fetch.icacheStallCycles            581793                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu0.fetch.Insts                      20732696                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu0.fetch.Branches                    3719230                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu0.fetch.predictedBranches           3515304                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu0.fetch.Cycles                     29926514                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu0.fetch.SquashCycles                  32422                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu0.fetch.MiscStallCycles                  55                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu0.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles          305                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu0.fetch.CacheLines                   568633                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu0.fetch.IcacheSquashes                 2803                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::samples          30524878                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::mean             1.199830                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::stdev            2.593743                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::0                22838296     74.82%     74.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::1                 2408099      7.89%     82.71% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::2                  561444      1.84%     84.55% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::3                  356000      1.17%     85.71% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::4                  250921      0.82%     86.54% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::5                  245355      0.80%     87.34% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::6                  395764      1.30%     88.64% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::7                  331357      1.09%     89.72% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::8                 3137642     10.28%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::total            30524878                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.branchRate                 0.121803                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.fetch.rate                       0.678988                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.decode.IdleCycles                 1553934                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu0.decode.BlockedCycles             24355125                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu0.decode.RunCycles                  1624662                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu0.decode.UnblockCycles              2974946                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu0.decode.SquashCycles                 16211                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu0.decode.DecodedInsts              36127757                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu0.rename.SquashCycles                 16211                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu0.rename.IdleCycles                 2347783                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu0.rename.BlockCycles               14044491                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu0.rename.serializeStallCycles          2021                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu0.rename.RunCycles                  3800398                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu0.rename.UnblockCycles             10313974                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedInsts              36051571                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu0.rename.ROBFullEvents               782139                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu0.rename.IQFullEvents               2715026                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu0.rename.LQFullEvents                  1287                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu0.rename.SQFullEvents               6225991                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedOperands           55295985                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu0.rename.RenameLookups             81988116                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu0.rename.int_rename_lookups        44861513                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.fp_rename_lookups          6546065                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.CommittedMaps             54180223                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu0.rename.UndoneMaps                 1115607                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu0.rename.serializingInsts                40                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.tempSerializingInsts            42                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.skidInsts                 11647609                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedLoads             4181430                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedStores             547504                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingLoads            37574                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingStores             523                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsAdded                  35983203                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu0.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded                549                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsIssued                 35499897                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued              767                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined         938319                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      1349889                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           449                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     30524878                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        1.162982                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       1.897072                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::0           19590556     64.18%     64.18% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::1            2566246      8.41%     72.59% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::2            1701905      5.58%     78.16% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::3            2351761      7.70%     85.87% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::4            1096475      3.59%     89.46% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::5            1492486      4.89%     94.35% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::6            1488752      4.88%     99.22% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::7             199860      0.65%     99.88% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::8              36837      0.12%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       30524878                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                   3007     25.11%     25.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0      0.00%     25.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%     25.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                 8017     66.94%     92.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%     92.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%     92.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0      0.00%     92.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0      0.00%     92.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%     92.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0      0.00%     92.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%     92.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%     92.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%     92.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%     92.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%     92.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%     92.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%     92.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%     92.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%     92.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%     92.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%     92.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%     92.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%     92.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%     92.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%     92.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%     92.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%     92.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%     92.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%     92.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     92.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%     92.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemRead                   293      2.45%     94.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                  572      4.78%     99.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead                3      0.03%     99.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite              84      0.70%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            18619      0.05%      0.05% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu             28840463     81.24%     81.29% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                5169      0.01%     81.31% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                   59      0.00%     81.31% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            1963198      5.53%     86.84% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     86.84% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     86.84% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     86.84% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     86.84% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0      0.00%     86.84% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0      0.00%     86.84% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     86.84% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     86.84% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     86.84% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     86.84% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     86.84% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     86.84% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0      0.00%     86.84% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     86.84% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     86.84% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     86.84% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     86.84% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     86.84% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     86.84% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     86.84% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     86.84% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     86.84% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     86.84% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0      0.00%     86.84% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     86.84% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     86.84% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     86.84% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead             3537875      9.97%     96.80% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite             309246      0.87%     97.68% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead         589859      1.66%     99.34% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite        235409      0.66%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::total              35499897                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.rate                          1.162609                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_cnt                      11976                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.000337                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_reads          94798993                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_writes         32567170                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     32116407                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            6738425                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes           4354966                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      3351110                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.int_alu_accesses              32120016                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_alu_accesses                3373238                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads           36824                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       131588                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           17                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           71                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         7013                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           13                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked           89                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu0.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu0.iew.iewSquashCycles                 16211                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu0.iew.iewBlockCycles               10790669                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewUnblockCycles              2113852                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispatchedInsts           35983752                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts               67                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispLoadInsts              4181430                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispStoreInsts              547504                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts               209                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewIQFullEvents                 43412                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.iewLSQFullEvents              2069248                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.memOrderViolationEvents            71                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu0.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         12579                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         4209                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.branchMispredicts               16788                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecutedInsts             35475591                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecLoadInsts              4126706                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts            24309                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu0.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_refs                     4670792                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_branches                 3645733                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_stores                    544086                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_rate                    1.161813                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu0.iew.wb_sent                      35469068                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu0.iew.wb_count                     35467517                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu0.iew.wb_producers                 28705174                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_consumers                 42481874                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_rate                      1.161548                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu0.iew.wb_fanout                    0.675704                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu0.commit.commitSquashedInsts         938384                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu0.commit.commitNonSpecStalls            100                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu0.commit.branchMispredicts            16165                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     30399110                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     1.152842                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     2.055415                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     21955761     72.23%     72.23% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      1109227      3.65%     75.87% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       219808      0.72%     76.60% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       409839      1.35%     77.95% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      3012738      9.91%     87.86% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      3062025     10.07%     97.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        36659      0.12%     98.05% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        58453      0.19%     98.24% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       534600      1.76%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     30399110                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committedInsts            19751758                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.commit.committedOps              35045362                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu0.commit.refs                       4590329                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu0.commit.loads                      4049834                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu0.commit.membars                         60                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu0.commit.branches                   3633886                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu0.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.fp_insts                   3102448                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.int_insts                 32885118                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.function_calls               54151                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass        17904      0.05%      0.05% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu        28594469     81.59%     81.64% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntMult           5156      0.01%     81.66% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv              36      0.00%     81.66% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd       1837468      5.24%     86.90% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     86.90% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     86.90% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     86.90% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     86.90% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     86.90% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0      0.00%     86.90% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     86.90% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     86.90% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     86.90% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     86.90% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     86.90% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     86.90% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     86.90% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0      0.00%     86.90% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     86.90% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     86.90% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     86.90% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     86.90% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     86.90% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     86.90% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     86.90% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     86.90% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     86.90% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     86.90% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     86.90% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     86.90% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     86.90% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemRead        3521636     10.05%     96.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite        305829      0.87%     97.82% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead       528198      1.51%     99.33% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite       234666      0.67%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::total         35045362                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.bw_lim_events               534600                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu0.rob.rob_reads                    65848256                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu0.rob.rob_writes                   72093529                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu0.timesIdled                             85                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu0.idleCycles                           9810                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu0.committedInsts                   19751758                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu0.committedOps                     35045362                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu0.cpi                              1.545923                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu0.cpi_total                        1.545923                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu0.ipc                              0.646863                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu0.ipc_total                        0.646863                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_reads                44438014                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_writes               28267589                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_reads                  5708189                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_writes                 2838000                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_reads                 18012820                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_writes                23509971                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu0.misc_regfile_reads               12275624                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements           235313                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                1024                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs          269790806                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           235313                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs          1146.518917                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data         1024                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          202                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          822                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         18764665                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses        18764665                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data      1672685                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        1672685                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.data       495833                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        495833                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu0.data      2168518                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total         2168518                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu0.data      2168518                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total        2168518                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data      2419152                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total      2419152                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu0.data        44668                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total        44668                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu0.data      2463820                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total       2463820                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu0.data      2463820                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total      2463820                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data 162470588000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 162470588000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data   4033937000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   4033937000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data 166504525000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 166504525000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data 166504525000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 166504525000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data      4091837                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      4091837                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.data       540501                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       540501                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu0.data      4632338                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total      4632338                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu0.data      4632338                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total      4632338                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.591214                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.591214                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.082642                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.082642                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.531874                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.531874                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.531874                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.531874                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 67160.140413                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 67160.140413                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 90309.326587                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 90309.326587                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 67579.825231                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 67579.825231                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 67579.825231                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 67579.825231                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs         3852                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               49                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    78.612245                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        47660                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total            47660                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data      2228501                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total      2228501                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data            2                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            2                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.data      2228503                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total      2228503                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.data      2228503                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total      2228503                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       190651                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       190651                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        44666                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        44666                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       235317                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       235317                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       235317                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       235317                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  15453135500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  15453135500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   3989159000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3989159000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  19442294500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  19442294500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  19442294500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  19442294500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.046593                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.046593                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.082638                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.082638                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.050799                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.050799                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.050799                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.050799                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 81054.573540                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 81054.573540                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 89310.862849                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 89310.862849                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 82621.716663                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 82621.716663                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 82621.716663                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 82621.716663                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements              201                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse         1021.622275                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs           44742574                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs              201                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs         222599.870647                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst  1021.622275                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.997678                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.997678                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1022                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            9                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         1013                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.998047                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses          2274736                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses         2274736                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst       568390                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total         568390                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu0.inst       568390                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total          568390                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu0.inst       568390                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total         568390                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.inst          243                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          243                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::cpu0.inst          243                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total           243                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::cpu0.inst          243                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total          243                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     15984500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     15984500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     15984500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     15984500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     15984500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     15984500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst       568633                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       568633                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst       568633                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total       568633                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst       568633                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total       568633                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000427                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000427                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000427                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000427                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000427                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000427                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 65779.835391                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 65779.835391                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 65779.835391                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 65779.835391                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 65779.835391                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 65779.835391                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           13                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           13                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::writebacks          201                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::total              201                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           39                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          204                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          204                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          204                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          204                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          204                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          204                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     13712000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     13712000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     13712000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     13712000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     13712000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     13712000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000359                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000359                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000359                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000359                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000359                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000359                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 67215.686275                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 67215.686275                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 67215.686275                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 67215.686275                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 67215.686275                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 67215.686275                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.branchPred.lookups                      0                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.condPredicted                0                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu1.branchPred.condIncorrect                0                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBLookups                   0                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHitPct                  nan                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu1.branchPred.usedRAS                      0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu1.branchPred.RASInCorrect                 0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectLookups              0                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectHits                 0                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectMisses               0                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu1.branchPredindirectMispredicted            0                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu1.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::samples                 0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::mean                  nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::stdev                 nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::0                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::1                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::2                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::3                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::4                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::5                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::6                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::7                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::8                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::max_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::total                   0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.idleRate                        nan                       # Percent of cycles fetch was idle
system.cpu1.fetch.branchRate                      nan                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.fetch.rate                            nan                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.rename.serializeStallCycles             0                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu1.rename.serializingInsts                 0                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.tempSerializingInsts             0                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.skidInsts                        0                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedLoads                   0                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedStores                  0                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingLoads                0                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingStores               0                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean             nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev            nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::0                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::1                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::2                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::3                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::4                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::5                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::6                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::7                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::8                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::total              0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemRead                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::total                     0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.rate                               nan                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_cnt                          0                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_rate                       nan                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                  0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads               0                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads            0                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            0                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores            0                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu1.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu1.iew.iewSquashCycles                     0                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu1.iew.iewBlockCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewUnblockCycles                    0                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispatchedInsts                  0                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispStoreInsts                   0                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                 0                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewIQFullEvents                     0                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                    0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             0                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu1.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect             0                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect            0                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.branchMispredicts                   0                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecutedInsts                    0                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu1.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_refs                           0                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_branches                       0                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_stores                         0                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_rate                         nan                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu1.iew.wb_sent                             0                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu1.iew.wb_count                            0                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu1.iew.wb_producers                        0                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_consumers                        0                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_rate                           nan                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu1.iew.wb_fanout                         nan                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::0            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::1            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::2            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::3            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::4            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::5            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::6            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::7            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::8            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::total            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committedInsts                   0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.commit.committedOps                     0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu1.commit.refs                             0                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu1.commit.loads                            0                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu1.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu1.commit.branches                         0                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu1.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.fp_insts                         0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.int_insts                        0                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.function_calls                   0                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntMult              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemRead              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::total                0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.bw_lim_events                    0                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu1.rob.rob_reads                           0                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu1.rob.rob_writes                          0                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu1.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu1.committedOps                            0                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu1.cpi                                   nan                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu1.cpi_total                             nan                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu1.ipc                                   nan                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu1.ipc_total                             nan                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.replacements                    234574                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                        16384                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                      237542                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                    234574                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      1.012653                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks       16.215910                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst        10.502701                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data     16357.281390                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.000990                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst        0.000641                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data        0.998369                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total                   1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         16384                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          202                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1         1786                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2        14396                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                   4002822                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                  4002822                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks        47660                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total            47660                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks          201                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total              201                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu0.data                2                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total                    2                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu0.data                 6                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                     6                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu0.inst             81                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::total                 81                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu0.data          1034                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total              1034                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.inst                   81                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.data                 1040                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                     1121                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.inst                  81                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.data                1040                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                    1121                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0.data           44658                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total               44658                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu0.inst          120                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total              120                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu0.data       189617                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total          189617                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.inst                120                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.data             234275                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                 234395                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.inst               120                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.data            234275                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                234395                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data   3922066000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total    3922066000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     12543000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total     12543000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  15156283500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total  15156283500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     12543000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  19078349500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total      19090892500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     12543000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  19078349500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total     19090892500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks        47660                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        47660                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks          201                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total          201                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu0.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total                2                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0.data         44664                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total             44664                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu0.inst          201                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total            201                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu0.data       190651                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total        190651                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst              201                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.data           235315                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total               235516                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst             201                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.data          235315                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total              235516                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.999866                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.999866                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.597015                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total      0.597015                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.994576                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.994576                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst        0.597015                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data        0.995580                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.995240                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst       0.597015                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data       0.995580                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.995240                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 87824.488334                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 87824.488334                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       104525                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total       104525                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 79931.037302                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 79931.037302                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       104525                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 81435.703767                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 81447.524478                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       104525                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 81435.703767                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 81447.524478                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                61413                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                     61413                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::writebacks          213                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::total           213                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        44658                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total          44658                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          120                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total          120                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       189617                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total       189617                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst           120                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        234275                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total            234395                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          120                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       234275                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total           234395                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   3475486000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3475486000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     11343000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     11343000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  13260133500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  13260133500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     11343000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  16735619500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  16746962500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     11343000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  16735619500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  16746962500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::writebacks          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.999866                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999866                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.597015                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.597015                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.994576                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.994576                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.597015                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.995580                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.995240                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.597015                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.995580                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.995240                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 77824.488334                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77824.488334                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        94525                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        94525                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 69931.142777                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69931.142777                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        94525                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 71435.789137                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71447.609804                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        94525                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 71435.789137                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71447.609804                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests        469008                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       234613                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             189735                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        61413                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict           173200                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq             44658                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp            44658                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        189737                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       703401                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total       703401                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 703401                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     18931584                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total     18931584                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                18931584                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples            234395                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                  234395    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total              234395                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer4.occupancy           792374000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer4.utilization               5.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy         1231871500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              8.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests       471035                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       235512                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests           25                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops            191                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops          190                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            1                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp            190853                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       109073                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean          201                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict          360814                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq               2                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp              2                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq            44664                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp           44664                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq           204                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       190651                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side          606                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       705945                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total                706551                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        25728                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     18110272                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total               18136000                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                          234577                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                   3930624                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples           470095                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.000457                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.021480                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                 469881     99.95%     99.95% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                    213      0.05%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      1      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::5                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::6                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::7                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::8                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total             470095                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy          283378500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              1.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy            306000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy         352970500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             2.3                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
