
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.015267                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 15267344125                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               2198497554000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                               19406265                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                 35272609                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               60184573                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1248940                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                   253.68                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  4922891294                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                    8947791922                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.inst            640                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.data        1129472                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total            1130112                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu0.inst          640                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total           640                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks      1074368                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total         1074368                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.inst              10                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.data           17648                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total               17658                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks         16787                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total              16787                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.inst             41920                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.data          73979599                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total              74021519                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu0.inst        41920                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total            41920                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks        70370327                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total             70370327                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks        70370327                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.inst            41920                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.data         73979599                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total            144391846                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                       17658                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                      16787                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                     17658                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                    16787                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM                1129984                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                     128                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                 1073920                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                 1130112                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys              1074368                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                      2                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0              1050                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1              1010                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2              1099                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3              1048                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4              1016                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5              1038                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6              1110                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7              1139                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8              1076                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9              1170                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10             1212                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11             1124                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12             1104                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13             1205                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14             1216                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15             1039                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0               998                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1               970                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2              1048                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3              1000                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4               966                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5               986                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6              1065                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7              1092                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8              1014                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9              1106                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10             1128                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11             1057                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12             1057                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13             1148                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14             1149                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15              996                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                   15267453000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                 17658                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6                16787                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                   16976                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                     676                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                       3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                       1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                    587                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                    611                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                    966                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                    971                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                    972                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                    971                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                    973                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                    972                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                    972                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                    975                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                    974                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                    977                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                    972                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                    973                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                    973                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                   1003                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                    974                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                    971                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples        24400                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean     90.316066                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean    81.863596                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev    49.486310                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::64-127        17161     70.33%     70.33% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-191         5411     22.18%     92.51% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::192-255         1203      4.93%     97.44% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-319          426      1.75%     99.18% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::320-383          119      0.49%     99.67% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-447           42      0.17%     99.84% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::448-511           21      0.09%     99.93% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-575           13      0.05%     99.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::576-639            2      0.01%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-703            1      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::704-767            1      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total        24400                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples          971                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean      18.177137                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean     18.115323                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev      1.509944                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::14                1      0.10%      0.10% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::15                2      0.21%      0.31% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::16              168     17.30%     17.61% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::17              117     12.05%     29.66% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::18              304     31.31%     60.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::19              220     22.66%     83.63% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::20               96      9.89%     93.51% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::21               34      3.50%     97.01% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::22               24      2.47%     99.49% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::23                5      0.51%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total           971                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples          971                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      17.281153                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     17.250854                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev      1.016485                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16              360     37.08%     37.08% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::17               21      2.16%     39.24% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::18              547     56.33%     95.57% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::19               43      4.43%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total           971                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                    478823250                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat               809873250                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                   88280000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     27119.58                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                45869.58                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                        74.01                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                        70.34                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                     74.02                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                     70.37                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         1.13                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     0.58                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    0.55                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.08                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      24.97                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                     6523                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                    3511                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 36.94                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                20.91                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                     443241.49                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    29.13                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                 83595120                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                 44428065                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy                60761400                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy               42412500                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         1223133600.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy           1061470530                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy             32293920                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy      4407929130                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy      1164905280                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy         66550620                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy             8187792045                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            536.294458                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime          12850740875                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE     25122000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF     517760000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF    154647750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN   3033692125                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT    1869470750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   9666651500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                 90635160                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                 48169935                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy                65302440                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy               45179100                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         1221904320.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy           1037034630                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy             31203360                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy      4604135100                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy      1042541760                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy         47781720                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy             8233966485                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            539.318851                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime          12911785625                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE     22738500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF     517162000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF     99972750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN   2715248750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT    1815580250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  10096641875                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.branchPred.lookups               13193410                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.condPredicted         13193410                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu0.branchPred.condIncorrect          1340965                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBLookups            11050316                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHitPct             0.000000                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu0.branchPred.usedRAS                1075927                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu0.branchPred.RASInCorrect            190957                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectLookups       11050316                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectHits           2694917                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectMisses         8355399                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu0.branchPredindirectMispredicted       876760                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb.rdAccesses                    6999054                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrAccesses                    2429613                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.dtb.rdMisses                        80603                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrMisses                        14470                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrAccesses                    6525411                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrMisses                         2023                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.workload.numSyscalls                   19                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.numCycles                        30534689                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.fetch.icacheStallCycles           7345293                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu0.fetch.Insts                      56264861                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu0.fetch.Branches                   13193410                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu0.fetch.predictedBranches           3770844                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu0.fetch.Cycles                     21834554                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu0.fetch.SquashCycles                2683726                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu0.fetch.MiscStallCycles                 721                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu0.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles        11558                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu0.fetch.CacheLines                  6523389                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu0.fetch.IcacheSquashes               308089                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::samples          30533989                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::mean             4.013942                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::stdev            3.670761                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::0                12184672     39.91%     39.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::1                  533667      1.75%     41.65% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::2                  905739      2.97%     44.62% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::3                 1336796      4.38%     49.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::4                  609699      2.00%     50.99% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::5                 1149560      3.76%     54.76% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::6                  993128      3.25%     58.01% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::7                  505068      1.65%     59.67% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::8                12315660     40.33%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::total            30533989                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.branchRate                 0.432079                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.fetch.rate                       1.842654                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.decode.IdleCycles                 5545968                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu0.decode.BlockedCycles              8469288                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu0.decode.RunCycles                 13718662                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu0.decode.UnblockCycles              1458208                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu0.decode.SquashCycles               1341863                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu0.decode.DecodedInsts             109931643                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu0.rename.SquashCycles               1341863                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu0.rename.IdleCycles                 6609918                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu0.rename.BlockCycles                6962317                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu0.rename.serializeStallCycles        221089                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu0.rename.RunCycles                 13902588                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu0.rename.UnblockCycles              1496214                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedInsts             102954696                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu0.rename.ROBFullEvents                38991                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu0.rename.IQFullEvents                796476                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu0.rename.LQFullEvents                   213                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu0.rename.SQFullEvents                452940                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedOperands          115717912                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu0.rename.RenameLookups            255858118                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu0.rename.int_rename_lookups       140521507                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.fp_rename_lookups         19054255                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.CommittedMaps             49248813                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu0.rename.UndoneMaps                66469137                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu0.rename.serializingInsts             30770                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.tempSerializingInsts         33047                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.skidInsts                  3495892                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedLoads             9472793                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedStores            3348064                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingLoads           166288                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingStores          174867                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsAdded                  89626534                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu0.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded             220509                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsIssued                 71578518                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued           667074                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       47265642                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     68455890                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved        220400                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     30533989                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        2.344224                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       2.592997                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::0           13166989     43.12%     43.12% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::1            2231656      7.31%     50.43% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::2            2797924      9.16%     59.59% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::3            2349279      7.69%     67.29% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::4            2373845      7.77%     75.06% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::5            2254849      7.38%     82.45% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::6            2650814      8.68%     91.13% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::7            1640396      5.37%     96.50% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::8            1068237      3.50%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       30533989                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                1458237     92.86%     92.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0      0.00%     92.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%     92.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                83612      5.32%     98.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%     98.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%     98.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0      0.00%     98.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0      0.00%     98.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%     98.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0      0.00%     98.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%     98.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%     98.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%     98.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%     98.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%     98.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%     98.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%     98.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%     98.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%     98.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%     98.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%     98.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%     98.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%     98.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%     98.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%     98.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%     98.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%     98.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%     98.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%     98.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     98.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%     98.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemRead                  3930      0.25%     98.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                 1311      0.08%     98.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead            22736      1.45%     99.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite             510      0.03%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass          1810777      2.53%      2.53% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu             54460829     76.09%     78.62% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                2830      0.00%     78.62% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                78605      0.11%     78.73% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            4980944      6.96%     85.69% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     85.69% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     85.69% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     85.69% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     85.69% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0      0.00%     85.69% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0      0.00%     85.69% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     85.69% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     85.69% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     85.69% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     85.69% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     85.69% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     85.69% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0      0.00%     85.69% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     85.69% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     85.69% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     85.69% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     85.69% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     85.69% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     85.69% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     85.69% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     85.69% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     85.69% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     85.69% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0      0.00%     85.69% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     85.69% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.69% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     85.69% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead             5222980      7.30%     92.98% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite            2636188      3.68%     96.67% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead        2383811      3.33%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite          1554      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::total              71578518                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.rate                          2.344171                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_cnt                    1570336                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.021939                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_reads         160794973                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_writes        119428248                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     60680409                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads           15133467                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes          17684682                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      6751077                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.int_alu_accesses              63761631                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_alu_accesses                7576446                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads          252179                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      5653184                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses         4007                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          289                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores      1601898                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         3866                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            7                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu0.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu0.iew.iewSquashCycles               1341863                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu0.iew.iewBlockCycles                6156487                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewUnblockCycles                12012                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispatchedInsts           89847043                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts            48596                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispLoadInsts              9472793                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispStoreInsts             3348064                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts             90081                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewIQFullEvents                  5158                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                 4640                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           289                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu0.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        407572                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1278434                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.branchMispredicts             1686006                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecutedInsts             68579638                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecLoadInsts              6964966                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts          2998885                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu0.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_refs                     9394073                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_branches                 6318513                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_stores                   2429107                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_rate                    2.245958                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu0.iew.wb_sent                      67971293                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu0.iew.wb_count                     67431486                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu0.iew.wb_producers                 49918493                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_consumers                 89019996                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_rate                      2.208357                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu0.iew.wb_fanout                    0.560756                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu0.commit.commitSquashedInsts       47265682                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu0.commit.commitNonSpecStalls            109                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu0.commit.branchMispredicts          1341695                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     23383354                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     1.821015                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     2.429358                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     10681232     45.68%     45.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      3065774     13.11%     58.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      3482297     14.89%     73.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      1898461      8.12%     81.80% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       963666      4.12%     85.92% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       788917      3.37%     89.30% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       321948      1.38%     90.67% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       323719      1.38%     92.06% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      1857340      7.94%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     23383354                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committedInsts            19348197                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.commit.committedOps              42581441                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu0.commit.refs                       5565786                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu0.commit.loads                      3819613                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu0.commit.membars                         60                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu0.commit.branches                   4448718                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu0.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.fp_insts                   3184226                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.int_insts                 39861981                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.function_calls              387681                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass       719207      1.69%      1.69% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu        33841928     79.48%     81.16% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntMult            259      0.00%     81.17% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv           52305      0.12%     81.29% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd       2401956      5.64%     86.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     86.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     86.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     86.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     86.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     86.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0      0.00%     86.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     86.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     86.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     86.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     86.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     86.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     86.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     86.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0      0.00%     86.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     86.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     86.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     86.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     86.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     86.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     86.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     86.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     86.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     86.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     86.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     86.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     86.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     86.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemRead        3048847      7.16%     94.09% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite       1746173      4.10%     98.19% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead       770766      1.81%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::total         42581441                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.bw_lim_events              1857340                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu0.rob.rob_reads                   111373137                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu0.rob.rob_writes                  186975707                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu0.timesIdled                             93                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu0.idleCycles                            700                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu0.committedInsts                   19348197                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu0.committedOps                     42581441                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu0.cpi                              1.578167                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu0.cpi_total                        1.578167                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu0.ipc                              0.633646                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu0.ipc_total                        0.633646                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_reads                88107856                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_writes               51848408                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_reads                 10701179                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_writes                 6343822                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_reads                 36680578                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_writes                18085699                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu0.misc_regfile_reads               22297911                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements            19961                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                1024                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs             499739                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs            19961                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs            25.035770                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data         1024                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           13                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          133                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          782                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           40                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           56                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         33678549                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses        33678549                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data      6647563                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        6647563                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.data      1735195                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       1735195                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu0.data      8382758                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total         8382758                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu0.data      8382758                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total        8382758                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data        20774                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        20774                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu0.data        11115                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total        11115                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu0.data        31889                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total         31889                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu0.data        31889                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total        31889                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data   1409220000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1409220000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data   1037472000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   1037472000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data   2446692000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2446692000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data   2446692000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2446692000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data      6668337                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      6668337                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.data      1746310                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      1746310                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu0.data      8414647                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total      8414647                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu0.data      8414647                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total      8414647                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.003115                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.003115                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.006365                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.006365                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.003790                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.003790                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.003790                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.003790                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 67835.756234                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 67835.756234                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 93339.811066                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 93339.811066                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 76725.265766                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 76725.265766                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 76725.265766                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 76725.265766                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          101                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                5                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    20.200000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        18123                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total            18123                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data        11418                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        11418                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data          497                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          497                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.data        11915                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        11915                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.data        11915                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        11915                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         9356                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         9356                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        10618                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        10618                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        19974                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        19974                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        19974                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        19974                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    781090500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    781090500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    986861500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    986861500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   1767952000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1767952000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   1767952000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1767952000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.001403                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001403                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.006080                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006080                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.002374                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002374                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.002374                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002374                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 83485.517315                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 83485.517315                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 92942.314937                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 92942.314937                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 88512.666466                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 88512.666466                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 88512.666466                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 88512.666466                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements              854                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse         1022.927162                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs             100150                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs              854                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs           117.271663                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst  1022.927162                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.998952                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.998952                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1023                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            8                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           11                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         1001                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.999023                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses         26094423                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses        26094423                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst      6522502                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        6522502                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu0.inst      6522502                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total         6522502                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu0.inst      6522502                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total        6522502                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.inst          887                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          887                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::cpu0.inst          887                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total           887                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::cpu0.inst          887                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total          887                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     12057500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     12057500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     12057500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     12057500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     12057500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     12057500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst      6523389                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      6523389                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst      6523389                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total      6523389                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst      6523389                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total      6523389                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000136                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000136                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000136                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000136                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000136                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000136                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 13593.573844                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 13593.573844                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 13593.573844                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 13593.573844                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 13593.573844                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 13593.573844                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::writebacks          854                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::total              854                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst           20                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           20                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst           20                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           20                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst           20                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           20                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          867                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          867                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          867                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          867                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          867                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          867                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     11050500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     11050500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     11050500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     11050500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     11050500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     11050500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000133                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000133                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000133                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000133                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000133                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000133                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 12745.674740                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12745.674740                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 12745.674740                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12745.674740                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 12745.674740                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12745.674740                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.branchPred.lookups                      0                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.condPredicted                0                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu1.branchPred.condIncorrect                0                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBLookups                   0                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHitPct                  nan                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu1.branchPred.usedRAS                      0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu1.branchPred.RASInCorrect                 0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectLookups              0                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectHits                 0                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectMisses               0                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu1.branchPredindirectMispredicted            0                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu1.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::samples                 0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::mean                  nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::stdev                 nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::0                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::1                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::2                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::3                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::4                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::5                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::6                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::7                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::8                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::max_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::total                   0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.idleRate                        nan                       # Percent of cycles fetch was idle
system.cpu1.fetch.branchRate                      nan                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.fetch.rate                            nan                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.rename.serializeStallCycles             0                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu1.rename.serializingInsts                 0                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.tempSerializingInsts             0                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.skidInsts                        0                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedLoads                   0                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedStores                  0                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingLoads                0                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingStores               0                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean             nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev            nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::0                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::1                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::2                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::3                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::4                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::5                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::6                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::7                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::8                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::total              0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemRead                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::total                     0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.rate                               nan                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_cnt                          0                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_rate                       nan                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                  0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads               0                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads            0                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            0                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores            0                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu1.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu1.iew.iewSquashCycles                     0                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu1.iew.iewBlockCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewUnblockCycles                    0                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispatchedInsts                  0                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispStoreInsts                   0                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                 0                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewIQFullEvents                     0                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                    0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             0                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu1.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect             0                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect            0                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.branchMispredicts                   0                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecutedInsts                    0                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu1.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_refs                           0                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_branches                       0                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_stores                         0                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_rate                         nan                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu1.iew.wb_sent                             0                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu1.iew.wb_count                            0                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu1.iew.wb_producers                        0                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_consumers                        0                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_rate                           nan                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu1.iew.wb_fanout                         nan                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::0            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::1            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::2            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::3            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::4            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::5            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::6            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::7            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::8            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::total            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committedInsts                   0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.commit.committedOps                     0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu1.commit.refs                             0                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu1.commit.loads                            0                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu1.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu1.commit.branches                         0                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu1.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.fp_insts                         0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.int_insts                        0                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.function_calls                   0                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntMult              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemRead              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::total                0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.bw_lim_events                    0                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu1.rob.rob_reads                           0                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu1.rob.rob_writes                          0                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu1.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu1.committedOps                            0                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu1.cpi                                   nan                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu1.cpi_total                             nan                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu1.ipc                                   nan                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu1.ipc_total                             nan                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.replacements                     17670                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                        16384                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                       20294                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                     17670                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      1.148500                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks       24.030855                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst        23.345676                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data     16336.623470                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.001467                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst        0.001425                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data        0.997108                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total                   1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         16384                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           11                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          116                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         1136                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         9833                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         5288                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                    350534                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                   350534                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks        18123                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total            18123                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks          854                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total              854                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu0.data               13                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total                   13                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu0.data               109                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                   109                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu0.inst            844                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::total                844                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu0.data          2204                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total              2204                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.inst                  844                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.data                 2313                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                     3157                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.inst                 844                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.data                2313                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                    3157                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0.data           10497                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total               10497                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu0.inst           10                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total               10                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu0.data         7151                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total            7151                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.inst                 10                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.data              17648                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                  17658                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.inst                10                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.data             17648                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                 17658                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    969729500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     969729500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       861000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total       861000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    743456500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total    743456500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       861000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data   1713186000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total       1714047000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       861000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data   1713186000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total      1714047000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks        18123                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        18123                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks          854                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total          854                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu0.data           13                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total               13                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0.data         10606                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total             10606                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu0.inst          854                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total            854                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu0.data         9355                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total          9355                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst              854                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.data            19961                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total                20815                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst             854                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.data           19961                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total               20815                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.989723                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.989723                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.011710                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total      0.011710                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.764404                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.764404                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst        0.011710                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data        0.884124                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.848331                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst       0.011710                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data       0.884124                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.848331                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 92381.585215                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 92381.585215                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        86100                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total        86100                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 103965.389456                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 103965.389456                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        86100                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 97075.362647                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 97069.147129                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        86100                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 97075.362647                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 97069.147129                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                16787                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                     16787                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::writebacks            1                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::total             1                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        10497                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total          10497                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst           10                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total           10                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         7151                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total         7151                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst            10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         17648                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total             17658                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst           10                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        17648                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total            17658                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    864759500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    864759500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       761000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       761000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    671946500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    671946500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       761000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   1536706000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1537467000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       761000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   1536706000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1537467000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::writebacks          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.989723                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.989723                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.011710                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.011710                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.764404                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.764404                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.011710                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.884124                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.848331                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.011710                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.884124                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.848331                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 82381.585215                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 82381.585215                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        76100                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        76100                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 93965.389456                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 93965.389456                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        76100                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 87075.362647                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 87069.147129                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        76100                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 87075.362647                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 87069.147129                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests         35304                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests        17646                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp               7161                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        16787                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict              859                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq             10497                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp            10497                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq          7161                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port        52962                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total        52962                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  52962                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port      2204480                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total      2204480                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                 2204480                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples             17658                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                   17658    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total               17658                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer4.occupancy           106610500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer4.utilization               0.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy           95732000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests        41656                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests        20814                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests           61                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops             25                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops           25                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp             10222                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        34910                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean          854                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict            2721                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq              13                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp             13                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq            10606                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp           10606                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq           867                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq         9355                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side         2575                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        59909                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total                 62484                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       109312                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      2437376                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total                2546688                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                           17683                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                   1075200                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples            38511                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.002207                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.046929                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                  38426     99.78%     99.78% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                     85      0.22%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::5                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::6                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::7                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::8                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total              38511                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy           39805000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              0.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy           1300999                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy          29948000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
