
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.015267                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 15267344125                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               2610715845375                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                               29550304                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                 54647918                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               82963053                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1248940                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                   184.03                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  5438017729                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   10056627024                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.inst            960                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.data        1677056                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total            1678016                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu0.inst          960                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total           960                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks       889024                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total          889024                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.inst              15                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.data           26204                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total               26219                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks         13891                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total              13891                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.inst             62879                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.data         109845955                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total             109908835                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu0.inst        62879                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total            62879                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks        58230429                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total             58230429                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks        58230429                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.inst            62879                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.data        109845955                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total            168139264                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                       26219                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                      13891                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                     26219                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                    13891                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM                1667712                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                   10304                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                  889536                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                 1678016                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys               889024                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                    161                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0              1850                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1              1869                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2              1866                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3              1757                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4              2155                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5              1543                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6              1552                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7              1628                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8              1672                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9              1602                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10             1333                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11             1313                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12             1409                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13             1349                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14             1436                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15             1724                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0              1149                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1              1039                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2              1016                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3               900                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4              1089                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5               629                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6               584                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7               632                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8               726                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9               765                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10              767                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11              799                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12              882                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13              850                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14              990                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15             1082                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                   15267041000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                 26219                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6                13891                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                   23780                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                    2190                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                      85                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                       3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                    632                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                    644                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                    780                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                    786                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                    787                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                    784                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                    785                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                    790                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                    786                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                    788                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                    791                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                    788                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                    787                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                    788                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                    795                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                    800                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                    795                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                    785                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples        13631                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    187.652263                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   129.329673                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev   189.991624                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127         7002     51.37%     51.37% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255         2393     17.56%     68.92% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383         2357     17.29%     86.22% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511         1032      7.57%     93.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639          286      2.10%     95.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767          131      0.96%     96.85% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895          136      1.00%     97.84% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          120      0.88%     98.72% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          174      1.28%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total        13631                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples          782                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean      33.313299                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean     23.450568                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     75.519322                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::0-63            732     93.61%     93.61% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::64-127           28      3.58%     97.19% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::128-191            7      0.90%     98.08% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::192-255            3      0.38%     98.47% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::256-319            5      0.64%     99.10% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::320-383            3      0.38%     99.49% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::384-447            1      0.13%     99.62% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::512-575            1      0.13%     99.74% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::704-767            1      0.13%     99.87% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::1536-1599            1      0.13%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total           782                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples          782                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      17.773657                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     17.750065                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev      0.900233                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16              137     17.52%     17.52% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::17               12      1.53%     19.05% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::18              526     67.26%     86.32% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::19              105     13.43%     99.74% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::20                2      0.26%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total           782                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                    539027000                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat              1027614500                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                  130290000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     20685.66                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                39435.66                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                       109.23                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                        58.26                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                    109.91                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                     58.23                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         1.31                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     0.85                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    0.46                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.14                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      24.66                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                    15651                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                   10678                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 60.06                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                76.87                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                     380629.29                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    65.91                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                 51486540                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                 27369540                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy               101530800                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy               36738360                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         1221289680.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy            656020410                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy             34376640                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy      5468324070                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy       643921920                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy         37872120                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy             8279151990                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            542.278468                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime          13732400000                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE     29293500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF     516854000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF     69865000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN   1676738125                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT     982752250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  11991841250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                 45817380                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                 24360105                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy                84523320                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy               35814420                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         1228050720.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy            685451220                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy             33772800                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy      5208436560                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy       770310720                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy        100430160                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy             8216991495                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            538.207001                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime          13676318750                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE     31747750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF     519924000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF    248136000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN   2006209000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT    1039012000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  11422315375                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.branchPred.lookups               10005307                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.condPredicted         10005307                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu0.branchPred.condIncorrect           715940                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBLookups             7967304                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHitPct             0.000000                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu0.branchPred.usedRAS                 843696                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu0.branchPred.RASInCorrect            120688                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectLookups        7967304                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectHits           3547051                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectMisses         4420253                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu0.branchPredindirectMispredicted       363825                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb.rdAccesses                    5779402                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrAccesses                    1665156                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.dtb.rdMisses                       544969                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrMisses                        20758                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrAccesses                    6954776                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrMisses                        15856                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.workload.numSyscalls                    6                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.numCycles                        30534688                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.fetch.icacheStallCycles           7361080                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu0.fetch.Insts                      37197447                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu0.fetch.Branches                   10005307                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu0.fetch.predictedBranches           4390747                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu0.fetch.Cycles                     22341191                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu0.fetch.SquashCycles                1442582                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu0.fetch.TlbCycles                       466                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
system.cpu0.fetch.MiscStallCycles                3875                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu0.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles       105753                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu0.fetch.CacheLines                  6938920                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu0.fetch.IcacheSquashes               175974                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.ItlbSquashes                      4                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::samples          30533656                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::mean             2.470465                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::stdev            3.352108                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::0                17899006     58.62%     58.62% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::1                  359810      1.18%     59.80% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::2                 2033273      6.66%     66.46% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::3                  630292      2.06%     68.52% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::4                  876710      2.87%     71.39% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::5                  803603      2.63%     74.03% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::6                  722872      2.37%     76.39% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::7                  411723      1.35%     77.74% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::8                 6796367     22.26%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::total            30533656                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.branchRate                 0.327670                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.fetch.rate                       1.218203                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.decode.IdleCycles                 5160211                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu0.decode.BlockedCycles             14538867                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu0.decode.RunCycles                  8836007                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu0.decode.UnblockCycles              1277280                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu0.decode.SquashCycles                721291                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu0.decode.DecodedInsts              67671195                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu0.rename.SquashCycles                721291                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu0.rename.IdleCycles                 5837738                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu0.rename.BlockCycles               12032926                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu0.rename.serializeStallCycles        131154                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu0.rename.RunCycles                  9226640                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu0.rename.UnblockCycles              2583907                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedInsts              64246111                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu0.rename.ROBFullEvents               124672                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu0.rename.IQFullEvents               2146809                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu0.rename.LQFullEvents                 68704                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu0.rename.SQFullEvents                 71470                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedOperands           76101515                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu0.rename.RenameLookups            169172686                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu0.rename.int_rename_lookups        94272735                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.fp_rename_lookups          1366537                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.CommittedMaps             33949221                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu0.rename.UndoneMaps                42152295                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu0.rename.serializingInsts              3548                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.tempSerializingInsts          4519                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.skidInsts                  5370529                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedLoads             8526630                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedStores            2203535                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingLoads            79921                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingStores           87260                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsAdded                  58106299                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu0.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded             110088                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsIssued                 46332584                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued           133949                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       30225519                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     52089038                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved        110052                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     30533656                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        1.517427                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       2.176703                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::0           17186622     56.29%     56.29% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::1            2835997      9.29%     65.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::2            2417428      7.92%     73.49% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::3            1887147      6.18%     79.67% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::4            2173994      7.12%     86.79% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::5            1568868      5.14%     91.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::6            1271091      4.16%     96.09% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::7             706644      2.31%     98.41% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::8             485865      1.59%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       30533656                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                 352239     79.97%     79.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0      0.00%     79.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%     79.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                43573      9.89%     89.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%     89.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%     89.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0      0.00%     89.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0      0.00%     89.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%     89.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0      0.00%     89.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%     89.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%     89.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%     89.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%     89.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%     89.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%     89.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%     89.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%     89.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%     89.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%     89.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%     89.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%     89.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%     89.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%     89.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%     89.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%     89.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%     89.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%     89.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%     89.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     89.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%     89.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemRead                 32920      7.47%     97.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                 6630      1.51%     98.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead             5002      1.14%     99.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite             101      0.02%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass           321247      0.69%      0.69% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu             37053472     79.97%     80.67% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult               23812      0.05%     80.72% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv               426471      0.92%     81.64% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd             540941      1.17%     82.81% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     82.81% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     82.81% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     82.81% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     82.81% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0      0.00%     82.81% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0      0.00%     82.81% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     82.81% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     82.81% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     82.81% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     82.81% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     82.81% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     82.81% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0      0.00%     82.81% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     82.81% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     82.81% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     82.81% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     82.81% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     82.81% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     82.81% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     82.81% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     82.81% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     82.81% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     82.81% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0      0.00%     82.81% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     82.81% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     82.81% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     82.81% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead             6098184     13.16%     95.97% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite            1755330      3.79%     99.76% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead         112920      0.24%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite           207      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::total              46332584                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.rate                          1.517375                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_cnt                     440465                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.009507                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_reads         122409342                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_writes         87376166                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     43266118                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            1363899                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes           1065788                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses       604558                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.int_alu_accesses              45749058                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_alu_accesses                 702744                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads          193154                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      5011325                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses         5620                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           90                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       891649                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         1846                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked          467                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu0.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu0.iew.iewSquashCycles                721291                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu0.iew.iewBlockCycles                9930313                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewUnblockCycles               346938                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispatchedInsts           58216387                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts            37180                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispLoadInsts              8526630                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispStoreInsts             2203535                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts             39123                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewIQFullEvents                 45603                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                12104                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.memOrderViolationEvents            90                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu0.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        317472                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       569238                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.branchMispredicts              886710                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecutedInsts             44867209                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecLoadInsts              5768575                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts          1465378                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu0.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_refs                     7433551                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_branches                 4761967                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_stores                   1664976                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_rate                    1.469385                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu0.iew.wb_sent                      44234029                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu0.iew.wb_count                     43870676                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu0.iew.wb_producers                 32924885                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_consumers                 56799116                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_rate                      1.436749                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu0.iew.wb_fanout                    0.579672                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu0.commit.commitSquashedInsts       30226996                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu0.commit.commitNonSpecStalls             36                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu0.commit.branchMispredicts           721266                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     26030461                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     1.075312                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     2.060431                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     17388958     66.80%     66.80% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2834002     10.89%     77.69% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      1263003      4.85%     82.54% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      1867553      7.17%     89.72% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       588130      2.26%     91.98% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       489082      1.88%     93.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       203987      0.78%     94.64% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       159627      0.61%     95.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      1236119      4.75%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     26030461                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committedInsts            14067825                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.commit.committedOps              27990860                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu0.commit.refs                       4827184                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu0.commit.loads                      3515309                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu0.commit.membars                         20                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu0.commit.branches                   3477600                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu0.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.fp_insts                    526672                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.int_insts                 27458934                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.function_calls              231500                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass       158810      0.57%      0.57% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu        22160490     79.17%     79.74% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntMult           9259      0.03%     79.77% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv          385239      1.38%     81.15% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd        449878      1.61%     82.75% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     82.75% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     82.75% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     82.75% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     82.75% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     82.75% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0      0.00%     82.75% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     82.75% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     82.75% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     82.75% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     82.75% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     82.75% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     82.75% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     82.75% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0      0.00%     82.75% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     82.75% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     82.75% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     82.75% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     82.75% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     82.75% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     82.75% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     82.75% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     82.75% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     82.75% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     82.75% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     82.75% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     82.75% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     82.75% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemRead        3438515     12.28%     95.04% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite       1311875      4.69%     99.73% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead        76794      0.27%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::total         27990860                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.bw_lim_events              1236119                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu0.rob.rob_reads                    83012198                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu0.rob.rob_writes                  120980583                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu0.timesIdled                            159                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu0.idleCycles                           1032                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu0.committedInsts                   14067825                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu0.committedOps                     27990860                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu0.cpi                              2.170534                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu0.cpi_total                        2.170534                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu0.ipc                              0.460716                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu0.ipc_total                        0.460716                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_reads                58497344                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_writes               37849999                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_reads                  1055061                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_writes                  527721                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_reads                 25406308                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_writes                13552904                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu0.misc_regfile_reads               19160260                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements           731415                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                1024                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs            2989233                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           731415                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs             4.086918                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data         1024                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          524                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          474                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            7                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            6                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           13                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         27930883                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses        27930883                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data      4186595                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        4186595                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.data      1298771                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       1298771                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu0.data      5485366                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total         5485366                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu0.data      5485366                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total        5485366                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data      1301407                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total      1301407                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu0.data        13094                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total        13094                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu0.data      1314501                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total       1314501                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu0.data      1314501                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total      1314501                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  19882316500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  19882316500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data   1182183000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   1182183000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  21064499500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  21064499500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  21064499500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  21064499500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data      5488002                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      5488002                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.data      1311865                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      1311865                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu0.data      6799867                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total      6799867                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu0.data      6799867                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total      6799867                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.237137                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.237137                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.009981                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.009981                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.193313                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.193313                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.193313                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.193313                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 15277.554601                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 15277.554601                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 90284.328700                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 90284.328700                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 16024.711659                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 16024.711659                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 16024.711659                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 16024.711659                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs         5097                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs              384                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    13.273438                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       704112                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total           704112                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       582980                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       582980                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data          107                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          107                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       583087                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       583087                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       583087                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       583087                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       718427                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       718427                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        12987                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        12987                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       731414                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       731414                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       731414                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       731414                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   9883110000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   9883110000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   1159975000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1159975000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  11043085000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  11043085000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  11043085000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  11043085000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.130909                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.130909                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.009900                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.009900                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.107563                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.107563                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.107563                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.107563                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 13756.596008                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13756.596008                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 89318.164318                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 89318.164318                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 15098.268559                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15098.268559                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 15098.268559                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15098.268559                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements               18                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse                1020                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs             170694                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs               18                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs                 9483                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst         1020                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.996094                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.996094                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1020                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            7                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         1013                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.996094                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses         27755698                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses        27755698                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst      6938901                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        6938901                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu0.inst      6938901                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total         6938901                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu0.inst      6938901                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total        6938901                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.inst           19                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           19                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::cpu0.inst           19                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total            19                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::cpu0.inst           19                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total           19                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst      1579500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      1579500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst      1579500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      1579500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst      1579500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      1579500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst      6938920                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      6938920                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst      6938920                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total      6938920                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst      6938920                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total      6938920                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000003                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000003                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000003                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 83131.578947                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 83131.578947                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 83131.578947                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 83131.578947                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 83131.578947                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 83131.578947                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::writebacks           18                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::total               18                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst           18                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           18                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst           18                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           18                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst           18                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           18                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst      1486500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1486500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst      1486500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      1486500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst      1486500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      1486500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 82583.333333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 82583.333333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 82583.333333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 82583.333333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 82583.333333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 82583.333333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.branchPred.lookups                      0                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.condPredicted                0                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu1.branchPred.condIncorrect                0                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBLookups                   0                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHitPct                  nan                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu1.branchPred.usedRAS                      0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu1.branchPred.RASInCorrect                 0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectLookups              0                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectHits                 0                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectMisses               0                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu1.branchPredindirectMispredicted            0                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu1.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::samples                 0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::mean                  nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::stdev                 nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::0                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::1                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::2                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::3                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::4                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::5                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::6                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::7                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::8                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::max_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::total                   0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.idleRate                        nan                       # Percent of cycles fetch was idle
system.cpu1.fetch.branchRate                      nan                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.fetch.rate                            nan                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.rename.serializeStallCycles             0                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu1.rename.serializingInsts                 0                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.tempSerializingInsts             0                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.skidInsts                        0                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedLoads                   0                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedStores                  0                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingLoads                0                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingStores               0                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean             nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev            nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::0                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::1                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::2                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::3                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::4                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::5                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::6                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::7                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::8                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::total              0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemRead                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::total                     0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.rate                               nan                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_cnt                          0                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_rate                       nan                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                  0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads               0                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads            0                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            0                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores            0                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu1.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu1.iew.iewSquashCycles                     0                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu1.iew.iewBlockCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewUnblockCycles                    0                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispatchedInsts                  0                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispStoreInsts                   0                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                 0                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewIQFullEvents                     0                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                    0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             0                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu1.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect             0                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect            0                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.branchMispredicts                   0                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecutedInsts                    0                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu1.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_refs                           0                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_branches                       0                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_stores                         0                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_rate                         nan                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu1.iew.wb_sent                             0                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu1.iew.wb_count                            0                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu1.iew.wb_producers                        0                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_consumers                        0                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_rate                           nan                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu1.iew.wb_fanout                         nan                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::0            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::1            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::2            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::3            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::4            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::5            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::6            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::7            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::8            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::total            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committedInsts                   0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.commit.committedOps                     0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu1.commit.refs                             0                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu1.commit.loads                            0                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu1.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu1.commit.branches                         0                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu1.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.fp_insts                         0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.int_insts                        0                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.function_calls                   0                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntMult              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemRead              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::total                0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.bw_lim_events                    0                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu1.rob.rob_reads                           0                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu1.rob.rob_writes                          0                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu1.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu1.committedOps                            0                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu1.cpi                                   nan                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu1.cpi_total                             nan                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu1.ipc                                   nan                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu1.ipc_total                             nan                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.replacements                     26243                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                        16384                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                       93053                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                     26243                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      3.545822                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks       12.604340                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst         9.382634                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data     16362.013026                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.000769                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst        0.000573                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data        0.998658                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total                   1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         16384                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           13                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          116                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         1203                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         7730                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         7322                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                  11729171                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                 11729171                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks       704112                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total           704112                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks           18                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total               18                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu0.data                82                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                    82                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu0.inst              3                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::total                  3                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu0.data        705129                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total            705129                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.inst                    3                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.data               705211                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                   705214                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.inst                   3                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.data              705211                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                  705214                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0.data           12907                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total               12907                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu0.inst           15                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total               15                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu0.data        13297                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total           13297                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.inst                 15                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.data              26204                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                  26219                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.inst                15                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.data             26204                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                 26219                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data   1139581000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total    1139581000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst      1427000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total      1427000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data   1225648500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total   1225648500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst      1427000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data   2365229500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total       2366656500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst      1427000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data   2365229500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total      2366656500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks       704112                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       704112                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks           18                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total           18                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0.data         12989                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total             12989                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu0.inst           18                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total             18                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu0.data       718426                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total        718426                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst               18                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.data           731415                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total               731433                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst              18                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.data          731415                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total              731433                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.993687                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.993687                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.833333                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total      0.833333                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.018509                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.018509                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst        0.833333                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data        0.035826                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.035846                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst       0.833333                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data       0.035826                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.035846                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 88291.702177                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 88291.702177                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 95133.333333                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total 95133.333333                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 92174.813868                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 92174.813868                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 95133.333333                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 90262.154633                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 90264.941455                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 95133.333333                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 90262.154633                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 90264.941455                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                13891                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                     13891                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::writebacks           13                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::total            13                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        12907                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total          12907                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst           15                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        13297                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total        13297                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst            15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         26204                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total             26219                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst           15                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        26204                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total            26219                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   1010511000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1010511000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst      1277000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1277000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   1092678500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1092678500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst      1277000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   2103189500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2104466500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst      1277000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   2103189500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2104466500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::writebacks          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.993687                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.993687                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.833333                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.833333                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.018509                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.018509                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.833333                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.035826                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.035846                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.833333                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.035826                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.035846                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 78291.702177                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 78291.702177                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 85133.333333                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 85133.333333                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 82174.813868                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 82174.813868                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 85133.333333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 80262.154633                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 80264.941455                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 85133.333333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 80262.154633                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 80264.941455                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests         52402                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests        26183                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              13312                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        13891                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict            12292                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq             12907                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp            12907                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq         13312                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port        78621                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total        78621                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  78621                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port      2567040                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total      2567040                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                 2567040                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples             26219                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                   26219    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total               26219                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer4.occupancy           114521500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer4.utilization               0.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy          140568250                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests      1462866                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       731433                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            3                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops             74                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops           72                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            2                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp            718444                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       718003                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean           18                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict           39655                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq            12989                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp           12989                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq            18                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       718426                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side           54                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      2194245                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total               2194299                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side         2304                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     91873728                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total               91876032                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                           26243                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                    889024                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples           757676                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.000104                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.010466                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                 757599     99.99%     99.99% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                     75      0.01%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      2      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::5                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::6                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::7                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::8                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total             757676                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy         1435563000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              9.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy             27000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy        1097122500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             7.2                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
