
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.015267                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 15267344125                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               2442775060000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                               18684590                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                 34372160                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               54609252                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1248940                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                   279.57                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  5223731056                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                    9609572738                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.inst            256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.data        1167104                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total            1167360                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu0.inst          256                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total           256                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks       973888                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total          973888                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.inst               4                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.data           18236                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total               18240                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks         15217                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total              15217                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.inst             16768                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.data          76444468                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total              76461236                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu0.inst        16768                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total            16768                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks        63788960                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total             63788960                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks        63788960                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.inst            16768                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.data         76444468                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total            140250196                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                       18240                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                      15217                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                     18240                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                    15217                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM                1167296                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                      64                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                  973952                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                 1167360                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys               973888                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                      1                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0              1084                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1              1079                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2              1133                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3              1040                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4              1076                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5              1181                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6              1152                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7              1080                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8              1188                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9              1207                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10             1200                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11             1220                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12             1196                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13             1175                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14             1164                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15             1064                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0               917                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1               929                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2               943                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3               864                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4               921                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5               982                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6               967                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7               888                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8               983                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9              1012                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10             1001                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11             1009                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12             1016                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13              968                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14              953                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15              865                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                   15266471000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                 18240                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6                15217                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                   16486                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                    1730                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                      23                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                    512                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                    533                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                    846                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                    883                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                    884                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                    883                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                    883                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                    885                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                    883                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                    888                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                    886                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                    884                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                    888                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                    890                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                    886                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                    935                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                    885                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                    883                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples        23736                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean     90.224469                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean    81.209535                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev    52.842580                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::64-127        17124     72.14%     72.14% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-191         4757     20.04%     92.18% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::192-255         1103      4.65%     96.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-319          462      1.95%     98.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::320-383          156      0.66%     99.44% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-447           83      0.35%     99.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::448-511           26      0.11%     99.89% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-575           19      0.08%     99.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::576-639            5      0.02%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-703            1      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total        23736                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples          883                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean      20.654587                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean     20.505448                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev      2.503886                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::15                1      0.11%      0.11% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::16               26      2.94%      3.06% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::17               55      6.23%      9.29% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::18              105     11.89%     21.18% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::19              122     13.82%     34.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::20              138     15.63%     50.62% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::21              123     13.93%     64.55% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::22              113     12.80%     77.35% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::23               81      9.17%     86.52% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::24               56      6.34%     92.87% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::25               35      3.96%     96.83% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::26               12      1.36%     98.19% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::27                9      1.02%     99.21% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::28                5      0.57%     99.77% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::29                2      0.23%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total           883                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples          883                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      17.234428                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     17.203396                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev      1.029317                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16              348     39.41%     39.41% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::17               20      2.27%     41.68% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::18              475     53.79%     95.47% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::19               40      4.53%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total           883                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                    517901000                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat               859882250                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                   91195000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     28395.25                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                47145.25                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                        76.46                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                        63.79                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                     76.46                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                     63.79                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         1.10                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     0.60                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    0.50                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.14                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      24.94                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                     6340                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                    3386                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 34.76                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                22.25                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                     456301.25                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    29.07                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                 81610200                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                 43395825                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy                63010500                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy               38685420                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         1225592160.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy            966066210                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy             33302880                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy      4354735590                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy      1273926720                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy         80960880                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy             8161614735                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            534.579863                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime          13058004875                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE     29512000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF     518860000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF    193947500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN   3317472000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT    1657351750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   9550200875                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                 87829140                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                 46682295                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy                67215960                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy               40752540                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         1216987200.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy            977170950                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy             29694240                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy      4523511450                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy      1173163200                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy         34400040                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy             8197547685                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            536.933446                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime          13045660750                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE     19476000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF     515016000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF     71690250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN   3055106000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT    1686249875                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   9919806000                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.branchPred.lookups               13197458                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.condPredicted         13197458                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu0.branchPred.condIncorrect          1373002                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBLookups            11017735                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHitPct             0.000000                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu0.branchPred.usedRAS                1055000                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu0.branchPred.RASInCorrect            186774                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectLookups       11017735                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectHits           2659489                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectMisses         8358246                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu0.branchPredindirectMispredicted       905816                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb.rdAccesses                    6913281                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrAccesses                    2270687                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.dtb.rdMisses                        86858                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrMisses                        19027                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrAccesses                    6507474                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrMisses                         2820                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.workload.numSyscalls                   19                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.numCycles                        30534689                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.fetch.icacheStallCycles           7337790                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu0.fetch.Insts                      56324328                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu0.fetch.Branches                   13197458                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu0.fetch.predictedBranches           3714489                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu0.fetch.Cycles                     21805139                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu0.fetch.SquashCycles                2748254                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu0.fetch.TlbCycles                         9                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
system.cpu0.fetch.MiscStallCycles                 950                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu0.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles        16109                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu0.fetch.CacheLines                  6504654                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu0.fetch.IcacheSquashes               317670                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::samples          30534124                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::mean             4.023786                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::stdev            3.671786                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::0                12162313     39.83%     39.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::1                  521215      1.71%     41.54% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::2                  908600      2.98%     44.51% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::3                 1337012      4.38%     48.89% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::4                  590355      1.93%     50.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::5                 1153741      3.78%     54.61% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::6                 1009393      3.31%     57.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::7                  485119      1.59%     59.50% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::8                12366376     40.50%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::total            30534124                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.branchRate                 0.432212                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.fetch.rate                       1.844601                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.decode.IdleCycles                 5533972                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu0.decode.BlockedCycles              8482224                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu0.decode.RunCycles                 13675233                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu0.decode.UnblockCycles              1468568                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu0.decode.SquashCycles               1374127                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu0.decode.DecodedInsts             109927128                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu0.rename.SquashCycles               1374127                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu0.rename.IdleCycles                 6614223                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu0.rename.BlockCycles                7035256                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu0.rename.serializeStallCycles        245724                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu0.rename.RunCycles                 13848153                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu0.rename.UnblockCycles              1416641                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedInsts             102770965                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu0.rename.ROBFullEvents                31787                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu0.rename.IQFullEvents                805085                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu0.rename.LQFullEvents                  1032                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu0.rename.SQFullEvents                372691                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedOperands          115720816                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu0.rename.RenameLookups            255058607                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu0.rename.int_rename_lookups       139419495                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.fp_rename_lookups         19881267                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.CommittedMaps             47938485                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu0.rename.UndoneMaps                67782292                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu0.rename.serializingInsts             31581                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.tempSerializingInsts         34076                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.skidInsts                  3491103                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedLoads             9452685                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedStores            3159440                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingLoads           148557                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingStores          157878                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsAdded                  89167380                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu0.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded             201422                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsIssued                 70659510                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued           676224                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       48073755                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     69928063                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved        201313                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     30534124                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        2.314116                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       2.586684                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::0           13346325     43.71%     43.71% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::1            2238026      7.33%     51.04% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::2            2775831      9.09%     60.13% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::3            2319067      7.60%     67.73% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::4            2346348      7.68%     75.41% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::5            2227895      7.30%     82.71% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::6            2631672      8.62%     91.32% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::7            1593958      5.22%     96.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::8            1055002      3.46%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       30534124                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                1420415     92.73%     92.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0      0.00%     92.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%     92.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                79341      5.18%     97.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%     97.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%     97.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0      0.00%     97.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0      0.00%     97.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%     97.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0      0.00%     97.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%     97.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%     97.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%     97.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%     97.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%     97.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%     97.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%     97.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%     97.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%     97.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%     97.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%     97.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%     97.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%     97.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%     97.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%     97.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%     97.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%     97.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%     97.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%     97.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     97.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%     97.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemRead                  5181      0.34%     98.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                 2498      0.16%     98.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead            23868      1.56%     99.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite             393      0.03%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass          1872430      2.65%      2.65% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu             53632751     75.90%     78.55% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                2849      0.00%     78.56% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                71658      0.10%     78.66% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            5065795      7.17%     85.83% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     85.83% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     85.83% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     85.83% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     85.83% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0      0.00%     85.83% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0      0.00%     85.83% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     85.83% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     85.83% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     85.83% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     85.83% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     85.83% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     85.83% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0      0.00%     85.83% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     85.83% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     85.83% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     85.83% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     85.83% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     85.83% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     85.83% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     85.83% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     85.83% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     85.83% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     85.83% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0      0.00%     85.83% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     85.83% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.83% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     85.83% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead             5060827      7.16%     92.99% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite            2469911      3.50%     96.49% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead        2481973      3.51%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite          1316      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::total              70659510                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.rate                          2.314073                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_cnt                    1531696                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.021677                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_reads         158551843                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_writes        118926300                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     59552035                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads           15509216                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes          18516500                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      6874676                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.int_alu_accesses              62560325                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_alu_accesses                7758451                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads          207881                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      5773986                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses         3707                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          270                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores      1538991                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         3154                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            4                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu0.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu0.iew.iewSquashCycles               1374127                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu0.iew.iewBlockCycles                6212394                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewUnblockCycles                 9705                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispatchedInsts           89368802                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts            50601                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispLoadInsts              9452685                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispStoreInsts             3159440                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts             83771                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewIQFullEvents                  5782                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                 2058                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           270                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu0.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        410819                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1310222                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.branchMispredicts             1721041                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecutedInsts             67612940                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecLoadInsts              6875409                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts          3046565                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu0.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_refs                     9145325                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_branches                 6204200                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_stores                   2269916                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_rate                    2.214299                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu0.iew.wb_sent                      66987995                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu0.iew.wb_count                     66426711                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu0.iew.wb_producers                 49269037                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_consumers                 87723523                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_rate                      2.175451                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu0.iew.wb_fanout                    0.561640                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu0.commit.commitSquashedInsts       48074055                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu0.commit.commitNonSpecStalls            109                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu0.commit.branchMispredicts          1373975                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     23232028                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     1.777504                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     2.399061                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     10771318     46.36%     46.36% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      3048441     13.12%     59.49% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      3469528     14.93%     74.42% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      1842396      7.93%     82.35% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       937545      4.04%     86.39% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       771396      3.32%     89.71% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       320475      1.38%     91.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       317095      1.36%     92.45% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      1753834      7.55%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     23232028                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committedInsts            18736751                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.commit.committedOps              41295032                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu0.commit.refs                       5299144                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu0.commit.loads                      3678695                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu0.commit.membars                         60                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu0.commit.branches                   4312612                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu0.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.fp_insts                   3160696                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.int_insts                 38602627                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.function_calls              366863                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass       712401      1.73%      1.73% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu        32857803     79.57%     81.29% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntMult           1697      0.00%     81.30% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv           46509      0.11%     81.41% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd       2377478      5.76%     87.17% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     87.17% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     87.17% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     87.17% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     87.17% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     87.17% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0      0.00%     87.17% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     87.17% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     87.17% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     87.17% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     87.17% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     87.17% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     87.17% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     87.17% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0      0.00%     87.17% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     87.17% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     87.17% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     87.17% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     87.17% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     87.17% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     87.17% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     87.17% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     87.17% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     87.17% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     87.17% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     87.17% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     87.17% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     87.17% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemRead        2905601      7.04%     94.20% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite       1620449      3.92%     98.13% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead       773094      1.87%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::total         41295032                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.bw_lim_events              1753834                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu0.rob.rob_reads                   110847281                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu0.rob.rob_writes                  186180087                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu0.timesIdled                            102                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu0.idleCycles                            565                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu0.committedInsts                   18736751                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu0.committedOps                     41295032                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu0.cpi                              1.629668                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu0.cpi_total                        1.629668                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu0.ipc                              0.613622                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu0.ipc_total                        0.613622                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_reads                86143554                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_writes               50942652                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_reads                 10854654                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_writes                 6488520                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_reads                 36109850                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_writes                17852276                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu0.misc_regfile_reads               21806675                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements            20671                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                1024                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs             680572                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs            20671                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs            32.924000                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data         1024                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           12                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          121                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          762                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           74                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           55                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         32993579                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses        32993579                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data      6591292                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        6591292                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.data      1611258                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       1611258                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu0.data      8202550                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total         8202550                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu0.data      8202550                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total        8202550                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data        31156                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        31156                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu0.data         9521                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         9521                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu0.data        40677                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total         40677                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu0.data        40677                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total        40677                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data   2363727500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2363727500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    899775000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    899775000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data   3263502500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   3263502500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data   3263502500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   3263502500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data      6622448                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      6622448                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.data      1620779                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      1620779                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu0.data      8243227                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total      8243227                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu0.data      8243227                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total      8243227                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.004705                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.004705                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.005874                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.005874                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.004935                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.004935                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.004935                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.004935                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 75867.489408                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 75867.489408                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 94504.253755                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 94504.253755                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 80229.675246                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 80229.675246                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 80229.675246                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 80229.675246                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           60                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                3                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           20                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        15628                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total            15628                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data        19482                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        19482                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data          504                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          504                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.data        19986                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        19986                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.data        19986                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        19986                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        11674                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        11674                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         9017                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         9017                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        20691                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        20691                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        20691                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        20691                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   1002816000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1002816000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    849017500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    849017500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   1851833500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1851833500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   1851833500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1851833500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.001763                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001763                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.005563                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005563                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.002510                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002510                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.002510                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002510                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 85901.661813                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 85901.661813                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 94157.424864                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 94157.424864                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 89499.468368                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 89499.468368                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 89499.468368                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 89499.468368                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements              994                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse         1022.271670                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs             119008                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs              994                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs           119.726358                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst  1022.271670                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.998312                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.998312                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1023                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            6                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            9                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         1005                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.999023                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses         26019630                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses        26019630                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst      6503608                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        6503608                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu0.inst      6503608                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total         6503608                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu0.inst      6503608                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total        6503608                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.inst         1046                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         1046                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::cpu0.inst         1046                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total          1046                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::cpu0.inst         1046                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total         1046                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     13537000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     13537000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     13537000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     13537000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     13537000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     13537000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst      6504654                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      6504654                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst      6504654                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total      6504654                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst      6504654                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total      6504654                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000161                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000161                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000161                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000161                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000161                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000161                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 12941.682600                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 12941.682600                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 12941.682600                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 12941.682600                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 12941.682600                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 12941.682600                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::writebacks          994                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::total              994                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst           32                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           32                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst           32                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           32                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst           32                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           32                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst         1014                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1014                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst         1014                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1014                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst         1014                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1014                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     12370000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     12370000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     12370000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     12370000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     12370000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     12370000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000156                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000156                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000156                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000156                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000156                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000156                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 12199.211045                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12199.211045                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 12199.211045                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12199.211045                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 12199.211045                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12199.211045                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.branchPred.lookups                      0                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.condPredicted                0                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu1.branchPred.condIncorrect                0                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBLookups                   0                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHitPct                  nan                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu1.branchPred.usedRAS                      0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu1.branchPred.RASInCorrect                 0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectLookups              0                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectHits                 0                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectMisses               0                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu1.branchPredindirectMispredicted            0                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu1.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::samples                 0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::mean                  nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::stdev                 nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::0                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::1                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::2                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::3                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::4                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::5                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::6                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::7                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::8                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::max_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::total                   0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.idleRate                        nan                       # Percent of cycles fetch was idle
system.cpu1.fetch.branchRate                      nan                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.fetch.rate                            nan                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.rename.serializeStallCycles             0                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu1.rename.serializingInsts                 0                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.tempSerializingInsts             0                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.skidInsts                        0                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedLoads                   0                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedStores                  0                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingLoads                0                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingStores               0                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean             nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev            nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::0                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::1                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::2                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::3                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::4                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::5                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::6                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::7                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::8                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::total              0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemRead                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::total                     0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.rate                               nan                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_cnt                          0                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_rate                       nan                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                  0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads               0                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads            0                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            0                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores            0                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu1.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu1.iew.iewSquashCycles                     0                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu1.iew.iewBlockCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewUnblockCycles                    0                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispatchedInsts                  0                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispStoreInsts                   0                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                 0                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewIQFullEvents                     0                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                    0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             0                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu1.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect             0                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect            0                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.branchMispredicts                   0                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecutedInsts                    0                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu1.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_refs                           0                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_branches                       0                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_stores                         0                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_rate                         nan                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu1.iew.wb_sent                             0                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu1.iew.wb_count                            0                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu1.iew.wb_producers                        0                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_consumers                        0                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_rate                           nan                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu1.iew.wb_fanout                         nan                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::0            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::1            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::2            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::3            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::4            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::5            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::6            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::7            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::8            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::total            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committedInsts                   0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.commit.committedOps                     0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu1.commit.refs                             0                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu1.commit.loads                            0                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu1.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu1.commit.branches                         0                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu1.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.fp_insts                         0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.int_insts                        0                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.function_calls                   0                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntMult              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemRead              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::total                0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.bw_lim_events                    0                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu1.rob.rob_reads                           0                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu1.rob.rob_writes                          0                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu1.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu1.committedOps                            0                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu1.cpi                                   nan                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu1.cpi_total                             nan                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu1.ipc                                   nan                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu1.ipc_total                             nan                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.replacements                     18243                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                        16384                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                       19425                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                     18243                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      1.064792                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks       16.758541                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst        13.331776                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data     16353.909683                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.001023                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst        0.000814                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data        0.998163                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total                   1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         16384                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           11                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           99                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         1134                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3        10730                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         4410                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                    364659                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                   364659                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks        15628                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total            15628                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks          994                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total              994                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu0.data               11                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total                   11                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu0.data                50                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                    50                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu0.inst            990                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::total                990                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu0.data          2385                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total              2385                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.inst                  990                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.data                 2435                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                     3425                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.inst                 990                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.data                2435                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                    3425                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu0.data              9                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::total                  9                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0.data            8949                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                8949                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu0.inst            4                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total                4                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu0.data         9287                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total            9287                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.inst                  4                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.data              18236                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                  18240                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.inst                 4                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.data             18236                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                 18240                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    834733000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     834733000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       413000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total       413000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    959589500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total    959589500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       413000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data   1794322500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total       1794735500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       413000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data   1794322500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total      1794735500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks        15628                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        15628                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks          994                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total          994                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu0.data           20                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total               20                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0.data          8999                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total              8999                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu0.inst          994                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total            994                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu0.data        11672                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total         11672                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst              994                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.data            20671                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total                21665                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst             994                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.data           20671                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total               21665                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.450000                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total        0.450000                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.994444                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.994444                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.004024                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total      0.004024                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.795665                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.795665                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst        0.004024                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data        0.882202                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.841911                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst       0.004024                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data       0.882202                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.841911                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 93276.678959                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 93276.678959                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       103250                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total       103250                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 103326.101001                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 103326.101001                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       103250                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 98394.521825                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 98395.586623                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       103250                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 98394.521825                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 98395.586623                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                15217                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                     15217                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::writebacks            1                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::total             1                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data            9                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total             9                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         8949                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           8949                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst            4                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total            4                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         9287                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total         9287                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst             4                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         18236                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total             18240                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst            4                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        18236                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total            18240                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data       178500                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       178500                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    745243000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    745243000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       373000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       373000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    866719500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    866719500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       373000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   1611962500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1612335500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       373000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   1611962500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1612335500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::writebacks          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.450000                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.450000                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.994444                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.994444                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.004024                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004024                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.795665                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.795665                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.004024                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.882202                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.841911                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.004024                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.882202                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.841911                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 19833.333333                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19833.333333                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 83276.678959                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 83276.678959                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        93250                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        93250                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 93326.101001                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 93326.101001                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        93250                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 88394.521825                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 88395.586623                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        93250                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 88394.521825                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 88395.586623                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests         36486                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests        18250                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp               9291                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        15217                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict             3020                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq                9                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq              8949                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp             8949                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq          9291                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port        54726                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total        54726                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  54726                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port      2141248                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total      2141248                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                 2141248                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples             18249                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                   18249    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total               18249                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer4.occupancy           101963500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer4.utilization               0.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy           98947500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests        43370                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests        21666                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests           88                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops              7                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            7                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp             12686                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        30845                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean          994                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict            8069                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq              20                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp             20                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq             8999                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp            8999                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq          1014                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        11672                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side         3002                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        62053                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total                 65055                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       127232                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      2323136                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total                2450368                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                           18263                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                    975168                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples            39948                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.002403                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.048963                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                  39852     99.76%     99.76% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                     96      0.24%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::5                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::6                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::7                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::8                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total              39948                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy           38307000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              0.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy           1521000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy          31016500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
