
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.015267                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 15267344125                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               4534401205125                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                              123069206                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                228280420                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              332338478                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1248940                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                    45.94                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  5653691365                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   10487004447                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.data       12404224                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total           12404224                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks        34624                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total           34624                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.data          193816                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total              193816                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks           541                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total                541                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.data         812467702                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total             812467702                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks         2267847                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total              2267847                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks         2267847                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.data        812467702                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total            814735549                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                      193816                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                        541                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                    193816                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                      541                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM               12398912                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                    5312                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                   33792                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                12404224                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys                34624                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                     83                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     2                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0             11710                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1             11493                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2             11604                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3             12312                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4             12958                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5             12526                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6             12489                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7             12003                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8             12147                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9             12049                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10            12410                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11            11791                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12            11958                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13            12352                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14            11958                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15            11973                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0                47                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3               156                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4                16                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12               15                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13              128                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14              128                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15               38                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                   15267396500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                193816                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6                  541                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                  146428                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                   44231                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                    3026                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                      48                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                     33                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                     33                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                     34                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                     34                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                     34                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                     34                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                     34                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                     34                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                     34                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                     34                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                     34                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                     34                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                     34                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                     33                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                     33                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                     33                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples        97504                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    127.512964                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   109.555971                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev    76.889117                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127        42723     43.82%     43.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255        44048     45.18%     88.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383         9243      9.48%     98.47% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511         1278      1.31%     99.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639          174      0.18%     99.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767           19      0.02%     99.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895            6      0.01%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023            2      0.00%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151           11      0.01%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total        97504                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples           33                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean    5804.969697                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean   5679.909963                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev   1193.011722                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::2816-3071            1      3.03%      3.03% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::4096-4351            2      6.06%      9.09% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::4352-4607            1      3.03%     12.12% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::4608-4863            3      9.09%     21.21% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::4864-5119            1      3.03%     24.24% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::5120-5375            3      9.09%     33.33% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::5376-5631            3      9.09%     42.42% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::5632-5887            5     15.15%     57.58% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::5888-6143            4     12.12%     69.70% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::6400-6655            4     12.12%     81.82% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::6912-7167            1      3.03%     84.85% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::7168-7423            1      3.03%     87.88% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::7424-7679            1      3.03%     90.91% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::7936-8191            3      9.09%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total            33                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples           33                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean             16                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     16.000000                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16               33    100.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total            33                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                   4789291250                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat              8421785000                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                  968665000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     24721.09                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                43471.09                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                       812.12                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                         2.21                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                    812.47                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                      2.27                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         6.36                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     6.34                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    0.02                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.32                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      25.45                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                    96308                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                     450                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 49.71                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                83.49                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                      78553.37                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    49.81                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                349631520                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                185837355                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy               693258300                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy                1143180                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         1205309040.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy           1631598780                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy             24330240                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy      5225150100                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy        64225920                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy                0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy             9380484435                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            614.414947                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime          11626533250                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE      8874000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF     509860000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    167250000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT    3122074000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  11459286125                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                346539900                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                184190325                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy               689995320                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy                1612980                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         1205309040.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy           1619524470                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy             24532320                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy      5192864160                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy       101379840                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy                0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy             9365948355                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            613.462845                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime          11651725000                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE      9591750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF     509860000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    264181500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT    3095639000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  11388071875                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.branchPred.lookups                1594569                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.condPredicted          1594569                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu0.branchPred.condIncorrect            71709                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBLookups             1249295                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHitPct             0.000000                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu0.branchPred.usedRAS                  51899                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu0.branchPred.RASInCorrect              8682                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectLookups        1249295                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectHits            668271                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectMisses          581024                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu0.branchPredindirectMispredicted        25347                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb.rdAccesses                     765458                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrAccesses                      66826                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.dtb.rdMisses                       148419                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrMisses                         1064                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrAccesses                    1311824                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrMisses                         5166                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.workload.numSyscalls                    0                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.numCycles                        30534688                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.fetch.icacheStallCycles           1345111                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu0.fetch.Insts                       4756123                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu0.fetch.Branches                    1594569                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu0.fetch.predictedBranches            720170                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu0.fetch.Cycles                     29027788                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu0.fetch.SquashCycles                 146742                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu0.fetch.TlbCycles                      1511                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
system.cpu0.fetch.MiscStallCycles                1227                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu0.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles        42095                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu0.fetch.CacheLines                  1306658                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu0.fetch.IcacheSquashes                 9040                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.ItlbSquashes                      8                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::samples          30491103                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::mean             0.314007                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::stdev            1.414626                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::0                28662007     94.00%     94.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::1                   27320      0.09%     94.09% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::2                  630381      2.07%     96.16% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::3                   31720      0.10%     96.26% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::4                  130573      0.43%     96.69% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::5                   67045      0.22%     96.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::6                   87453      0.29%     97.20% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::7                   27890      0.09%     97.29% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::8                  826714      2.71%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::total            30491103                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.branchRate                 0.052222                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.fetch.rate                       0.155761                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.decode.IdleCycles                  679750                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu0.decode.BlockedCycles             28531179                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu0.decode.RunCycles                   899349                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu0.decode.UnblockCycles               307454                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu0.decode.SquashCycles                 73371                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu0.decode.DecodedInsts               7879306                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu0.rename.SquashCycles                 73371                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu0.rename.IdleCycles                  775689                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu0.rename.BlockCycles               27275356                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu0.rename.serializeStallCycles         17049                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu0.rename.RunCycles                  1034078                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu0.rename.UnblockCycles              1315560                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedInsts               7541185                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu0.rename.ROBFullEvents                72118                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu0.rename.IQFullEvents                995365                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu0.rename.LQFullEvents                271194                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu0.rename.SQFullEvents                   660                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedOperands            8965415                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu0.rename.RenameLookups             20831221                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu0.rename.int_rename_lookups         9999879                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.fp_rename_lookups            50653                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.CommittedMaps              3125230                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu0.rename.UndoneMaps                 5840125                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu0.rename.serializingInsts               297                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.tempSerializingInsts           365                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.skidInsts                  1929348                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedLoads             1332592                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedStores              95637                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingLoads             4490                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingStores            4604                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsAdded                   7122810                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu0.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded               5351                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsIssued                  5125818                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued             5981                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined        4521673                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      9180872                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          5351                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     30491103                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        0.168109                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       0.757885                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::0           28435429     93.26%     93.26% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::1             797563      2.62%     95.87% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::2             429563      1.41%     97.28% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::3             291670      0.96%     98.24% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::4             303377      0.99%     99.23% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::5              97275      0.32%     99.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::6              81923      0.27%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::7              31726      0.10%     99.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::8              22577      0.07%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       30491103                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                  12846     70.79%     70.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0      0.00%     70.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%     70.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                 1467      8.08%     78.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%     78.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%     78.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0      0.00%     78.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0      0.00%     78.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%     78.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0      0.00%     78.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%     78.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%     78.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%     78.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%     78.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%     78.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%     78.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%     78.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%     78.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%     78.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%     78.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%     78.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%     78.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%     78.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%     78.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%     78.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%     78.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%     78.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%     78.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%     78.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%     78.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemRead                  3309     18.24%     97.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                  330      1.82%     98.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead              178      0.98%     99.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite              16      0.09%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            21094      0.41%      0.41% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu              4200194     81.94%     82.35% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                1207      0.02%     82.38% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                12005      0.23%     82.61% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd              18485      0.36%     82.97% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     82.97% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     82.97% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     82.97% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     82.97% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0      0.00%     82.97% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0      0.00%     82.97% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     82.97% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     82.97% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     82.97% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     82.97% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     82.97% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     82.97% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0      0.00%     82.97% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     82.97% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     82.97% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     82.97% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     82.97% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     82.97% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     82.97% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     82.97% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     82.97% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     82.97% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     82.97% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0      0.00%     82.97% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     82.97% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     82.97% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     82.97% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead              797796     15.56%     98.54% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite              71626      1.40%     99.93% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead           3354      0.07%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite            57      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::total               5125818                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.rate                          0.167869                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_cnt                      18146                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.003540                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_reads          40721141                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_writes         11606837                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      4897049                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads              45725                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes             43000                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses        19820                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.int_alu_accesses               5099302                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_alu_accesses                  23568                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads            5625                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       854421                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          203                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            3                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        60653                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           59                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked         1376                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu0.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu0.iew.iewSquashCycles                 73371                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu0.iew.iewBlockCycles               25193695                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewUnblockCycles               274719                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispatchedInsts            7128161                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts             4323                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispLoadInsts              1332592                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispStoreInsts               95637                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts              1974                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewIQFullEvents                 17874                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                75792                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             3                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu0.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         38213                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        43922                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.branchMispredicts               82135                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecutedInsts              5024873                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecLoadInsts               765154                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts           100945                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu0.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_refs                      831958                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_branches                  590329                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_stores                     66804                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_rate                    0.164563                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu0.iew.wb_sent                       4936905                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu0.iew.wb_count                      4916869                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu0.iew.wb_producers                  3619819                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_consumers                  5739707                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_rate                      0.161026                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu0.iew.wb_fanout                    0.630663                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu0.commit.commitSquashedInsts        4522562                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu0.commit.branchMispredicts            73370                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     29842758                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.087339                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     0.553081                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     28733983     96.28%     96.28% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       504127      1.69%     97.97% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       123614      0.41%     98.39% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       326062      1.09%     99.48% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        61754      0.21%     99.69% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        32116      0.11%     99.80% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         7303      0.02%     99.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         4910      0.02%     99.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        48889      0.16%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     29842758                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committedInsts             1304347                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.commit.committedOps               2606437                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu0.commit.refs                        513144                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu0.commit.loads                       478160                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu0.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu0.commit.branches                    457304                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu0.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.fp_insts                     14048                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.int_insts                  2592326                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.function_calls                6175                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass         4159      0.16%      0.16% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu         2066920     79.30%     79.46% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntMult            247      0.01%     79.47% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv            9967      0.38%     79.85% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd         12000      0.46%     80.31% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     80.31% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     80.31% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     80.31% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.31% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     80.31% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0      0.00%     80.31% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     80.31% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     80.31% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     80.31% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     80.31% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     80.31% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     80.31% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     80.31% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0      0.00%     80.31% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.31% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     80.31% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     80.31% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     80.31% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     80.31% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     80.31% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     80.31% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     80.31% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     80.31% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     80.31% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     80.31% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.31% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     80.31% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemRead         476112     18.27%     98.58% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite         34984      1.34%     99.92% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead         2048      0.08%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::total          2606437                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.bw_lim_events                48889                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu0.rob.rob_reads                    36922868                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu0.rob.rob_writes                   14908320                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu0.timesIdled                            335                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu0.idleCycles                          43585                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu0.committedInsts                    1304347                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu0.committedOps                      2606437                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu0.cpi                             23.409942                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu0.cpi_total                       23.409942                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu0.ipc                              0.042717                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu0.ipc_total                        0.042717                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_reads                 5144230                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_writes                4265843                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_reads                    35427                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_writes                   17689                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_reads                  3069192                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_writes                 1349249                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu0.misc_regfile_reads                2603548                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements           239554                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                1024                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs             363752                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           239554                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs             1.518455                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data         1024                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          124                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          778                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          122                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses          3396438                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses         3396438                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data       326310                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         326310                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.data        33969                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         33969                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu0.data       360279                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total          360279                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu0.data       360279                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total         360279                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data       427927                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       427927                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu0.data         1015                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         1015                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu0.data       428942                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total        428942                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu0.data       428942                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total       428942                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  34762160000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  34762160000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data     43336000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     43336000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  34805496000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  34805496000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  34805496000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  34805496000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data       754237                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       754237                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.data        34984                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        34984                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu0.data       789221                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total       789221                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu0.data       789221                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total       789221                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.567364                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.567364                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.029013                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.029013                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.543500                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.543500                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.543500                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.543500                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 81233.855307                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 81233.855307                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 42695.566502                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 42695.566502                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 81142.662644                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 81142.662644                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 81142.662644                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 81142.662644                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs        24185                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            7                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs              924                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    26.174242                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets            7                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         2265                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total             2265                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       189379                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       189379                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data            8                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       189387                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       189387                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       189387                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       189387                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       238548                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       238548                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         1007                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         1007                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       239555                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       239555                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       239555                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       239555                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  19247752000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  19247752000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     41591000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     41591000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  19289343000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  19289343000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  19289343000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  19289343000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.316277                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.316277                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.028785                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.028785                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.303533                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.303533                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.303533                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.303533                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 80687.123765                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 80687.123765                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 41301.886792                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 41301.886792                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 80521.562898                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 80521.562898                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 80521.562898                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 80521.562898                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse                1021                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst         1021                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.997070                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.997070                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1021                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         1021                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.997070                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses          5226632                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses         5226632                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst      1306658                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        1306658                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu0.inst      1306658                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total         1306658                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu0.inst      1306658                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total        1306658                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst      1306658                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1306658                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst      1306658                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total      1306658                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst      1306658                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total      1306658                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.branchPred.lookups                      0                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.condPredicted                0                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu1.branchPred.condIncorrect                0                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBLookups                   0                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHitPct                  nan                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu1.branchPred.usedRAS                      0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu1.branchPred.RASInCorrect                 0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectLookups              0                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectHits                 0                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectMisses               0                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu1.branchPredindirectMispredicted            0                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu1.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::samples                 0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::mean                  nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::stdev                 nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::0                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::1                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::2                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::3                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::4                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::5                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::6                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::7                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::8                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::max_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::total                   0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.idleRate                        nan                       # Percent of cycles fetch was idle
system.cpu1.fetch.branchRate                      nan                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.fetch.rate                            nan                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.rename.serializeStallCycles             0                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu1.rename.serializingInsts                 0                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.tempSerializingInsts             0                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.skidInsts                        0                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedLoads                   0                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedStores                  0                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingLoads                0                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingStores               0                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean             nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev            nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::0                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::1                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::2                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::3                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::4                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::5                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::6                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::7                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::8                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::total              0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemRead                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::total                     0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.rate                               nan                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_cnt                          0                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_rate                       nan                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                  0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads               0                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads            0                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            0                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores            0                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu1.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu1.iew.iewSquashCycles                     0                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu1.iew.iewBlockCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewUnblockCycles                    0                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispatchedInsts                  0                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispStoreInsts                   0                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                 0                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewIQFullEvents                     0                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                    0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             0                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu1.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect             0                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect            0                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.branchMispredicts                   0                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecutedInsts                    0                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu1.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_refs                           0                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_branches                       0                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_stores                         0                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_rate                         nan                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu1.iew.wb_sent                             0                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu1.iew.wb_count                            0                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu1.iew.wb_producers                        0                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_consumers                        0                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_rate                           nan                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu1.iew.wb_fanout                         nan                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::0            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::1            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::2            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::3            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::4            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::5            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::6            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::7            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::8            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::total            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committedInsts                   0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.commit.committedOps                     0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu1.commit.refs                             0                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu1.commit.loads                            0                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu1.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu1.commit.branches                         0                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu1.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.fp_insts                         0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.int_insts                        0                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.function_calls                   0                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntMult              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemRead              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::total                0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.bw_lim_events                    0                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu1.rob.rob_reads                           0                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu1.rob.rob_writes                          0                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu1.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu1.committedOps                            0                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu1.cpi                                   nan                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu1.cpi_total                             nan                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu1.ipc                                   nan                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu1.ipc_total                             nan                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.replacements                    193823                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                        16384                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                      283848                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                    193823                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      1.464470                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks       12.705361                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data     16371.294639                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.000775                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data        0.999225                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total                   1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         16384                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          122                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1         1106                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2        10659                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         4466                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           31                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                   4024543                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                  4024543                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks         2265                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total             2265                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu0.data               673                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                   673                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu0.data         45067                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total             45067                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.data                45740                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                    45740                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.data               45740                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                   45740                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0.data             334                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                 334                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu0.data       193481                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total          193481                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.data             193815                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                 193815                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.data            193815                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                193815                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data     32723500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      32723500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  18389007000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total  18389007000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  18421730500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total      18421730500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  18421730500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total     18421730500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks         2265                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         2265                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0.data          1007                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total              1007                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu0.data       238548                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total        238548                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.data           239555                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total               239555                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.data          239555                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total              239555                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.331678                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.331678                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.811078                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.811078                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data        0.809063                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.809063                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data       0.809063                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.809063                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 97974.550898                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 97974.550898                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 95042.960291                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 95042.960291                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 95048.012280                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 95048.012280                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 95048.012280                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 95048.012280                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                  541                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                       541                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::writebacks            2                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::total             2                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data          334                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            334                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       193481                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total       193481                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        193815                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total            193815                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       193815                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total           193815                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     29383500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     29383500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  16454207000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  16454207000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  16483590500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  16483590500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  16483590500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  16483590500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::writebacks          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.331678                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.331678                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.811078                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.811078                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.809063                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.809063                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.809063                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.809063                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 87974.550898                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 87974.550898                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 85043.011975                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 85043.011975                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 85048.063875                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 85048.063875                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 85048.063875                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 85048.063875                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests        387622                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       193815                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             193480                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          541                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict           193265                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq               334                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp              334                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        193482                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       581436                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total       581436                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 581436                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     12438720                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total     12438720                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                12438720                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples            193816                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                  193816    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total              193816                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer4.occupancy           456950000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer4.utilization               3.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy         1047844500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              6.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests       479109                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       239552                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests          528                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops             19                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops           18                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            1                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp            238547                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         2806                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict          430571                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq             1007                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp            1007                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       238548                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       718663                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total                718663                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     15476416                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total               15476416                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                          193823                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                     34624                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples           433378                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.001260                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.035537                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                 432833     99.87%     99.87% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                    544      0.13%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      1      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::5                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::6                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::7                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::8                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total             433378                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy          241819500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              1.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy         359331000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             2.4                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
