
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.015267                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 15267344125                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               10656606199250                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                               94467894                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                176607107                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              231111112                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1248940                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                    66.06                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  6240606291                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   11666774033                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.inst          20352                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.data       10037952                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total           10058304                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu0.inst        20352                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total         20352                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks      9945792                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total         9945792                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.inst             318                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.data          156843                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total              157161                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks        155403                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total             155403                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.inst           1333041                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.data         657478597                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total             658811639                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu0.inst      1333041                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total          1333041                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks       651442184                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total            651442184                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks       651442184                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.inst          1333041                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.data        657478597                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total           1310253823                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                      157160                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                     155403                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                    157160                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                   155403                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM               10058240                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                       0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                 9945088                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                10058240                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys              9945792                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                      0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0              9465                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1              9845                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2             10103                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3              9720                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4              9591                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5              9999                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6             10184                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7             10227                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8             10183                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9             10039                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10             9892                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11             9876                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12             9578                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13             9387                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14             9591                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15             9480                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0              9383                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1              9823                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2              9836                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3              9643                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4              9456                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5              9978                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6             10043                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7              9855                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8              9991                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9             10001                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10             9839                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11             9856                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12             9434                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13             9331                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14             9525                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15             9398                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                   15267329000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                157160                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6               155403                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                  156233                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                     589                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                     241                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                      83                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                      14                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                     18                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                     24                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                   9632                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                   9665                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                   9702                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                   9704                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                   9714                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                   9726                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                   9713                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                   9721                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                   9713                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                   9720                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                   9720                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                   9723                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                   9728                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                   9739                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                   9719                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                   9708                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples        27219                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    734.884309                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   569.728229                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev   361.843770                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127         2119      7.79%      7.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255         2434      8.94%     16.73% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383         1830      6.72%     23.45% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511         1384      5.08%     28.54% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639         1190      4.37%     32.91% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767         1300      4.78%     37.68% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895         1552      5.70%     43.39% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023         1593      5.85%     49.24% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151        13817     50.76%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total        27219                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples         9706                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean      16.190913                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean     16.130837                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev      1.808140                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::4-7               4      0.04%      0.04% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::8-11             37      0.38%      0.42% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::12-15            85      0.88%      1.30% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::16-19          9386     96.70%     98.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::20-23           138      1.42%     99.42% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::24-27            24      0.25%     99.67% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::28-31            12      0.12%     99.79% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::32-35             8      0.08%     99.88% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::36-39             5      0.05%     99.93% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::40-43             1      0.01%     99.94% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::48-51             2      0.02%     99.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::56-59             1      0.01%     99.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::72-75             1      0.01%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::76-79             2      0.02%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total          9706                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples         9706                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      16.009891                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     16.008890                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev      0.193945                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16             9676     99.69%     99.69% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::17                2      0.02%     99.71% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::18               10      0.10%     99.81% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::19                6      0.06%     99.88% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::20                7      0.07%     99.95% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::21                2      0.02%     99.97% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::22                3      0.03%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total          9706                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                   2885981500                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat              5832731500                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                  785800000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     18363.33                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                37113.33                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                       658.81                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                       651.40                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                    658.81                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                    651.44                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                        10.24                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     5.15                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    5.09                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.01                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      26.14                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                   143615                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                  141718                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 91.38                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                91.19                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                      48845.61                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    91.29                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                 98132160                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                 52158480                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy               565016760                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy              407248740                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         746787600.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy           1498486110                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy             64391040                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy      2099898810                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy       303323520                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy       1586842260                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy             7422285480                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            486.154332                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime          11813403000                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE     47244500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF     316476000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF   6418555000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    789895750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT    3090206125                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   4604966750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                 96211500                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                 51137625                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy               557105640                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy              403897500                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         743714400.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy           1489897350                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy             63642240                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy      2063943780                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy       316452000                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy       1604758020                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy             7390760055                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            484.089439                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime          11756682375                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE     42695250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF     315230000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF   6484003625                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    824082750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT    3075236000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   4526096500                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.branchPred.lookups                1249665                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.condPredicted          1249665                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu0.branchPred.condIncorrect             6235                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBLookups             1242484                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHitPct             0.000000                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu0.branchPred.usedRAS                   3477                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu0.branchPred.RASInCorrect               752                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectLookups        1242484                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectHits           1208446                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectMisses           34038                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu0.branchPredindirectMispredicted         4446                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb.rdAccesses                     352766                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrAccesses                    1236096                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.dtb.rdMisses                          767                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrMisses                         2661                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrAccesses                      47743                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrMisses                          233                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.workload.numSyscalls                   50                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.numCycles                        30534688                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.fetch.icacheStallCycles             68665                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu0.fetch.Insts                       5491410                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu0.fetch.Branches                    1249665                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu0.fetch.predictedBranches           1211923                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu0.fetch.Cycles                     30430480                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu0.fetch.SquashCycles                  13038                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu0.fetch.MiscStallCycles                 151                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu0.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles         1010                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu0.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           16                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.cpu0.fetch.CacheLines                    47589                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu0.fetch.IcacheSquashes                 1808                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::samples          30506841                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::mean             0.363298                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::stdev            1.614870                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::0                28888518     94.70%     94.70% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::1                   40362      0.13%     94.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::2                   42683      0.14%     94.97% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::3                  229748      0.75%     95.72% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::4                   26859      0.09%     95.81% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::5                    8683      0.03%     95.84% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::6                    8694      0.03%     95.87% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::7                   25275      0.08%     95.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::8                 1236019      4.05%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::total            30506841                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.branchRate                 0.040926                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.fetch.rate                       0.179842                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.decode.IdleCycles                  382764                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu0.decode.BlockedCycles             28727949                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu0.decode.RunCycles                   638767                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu0.decode.UnblockCycles               750842                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu0.decode.SquashCycles                  6519                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu0.decode.DecodedInsts              11022697                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu0.rename.SquashCycles                  6519                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu0.rename.IdleCycles                  660094                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu0.rename.BlockCycles                 230278                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu0.rename.serializeStallCycles         12560                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu0.rename.RunCycles                  1111197                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu0.rename.UnblockCycles             28486193                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedInsts              10991324                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu0.rename.ROBFullEvents                 1103                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu0.rename.IQFullEvents                 17291                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu0.rename.LQFullEvents                  4813                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu0.rename.SQFullEvents              28192542                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedOperands           14029195                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu0.rename.RenameLookups             23218173                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu0.rename.int_rename_lookups        12630523                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.fp_rename_lookups           301964                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.CommittedMaps             13777723                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu0.rename.UndoneMaps                  251472                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu0.rename.serializingInsts               155                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.tempSerializingInsts           159                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.skidInsts                  4770721                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedLoads              362557                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedStores            1243420                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingLoads            20595                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingStores           21065                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsAdded                  10933914                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu0.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded                750                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsIssued                 10875826                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued             1805                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined         161448                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       235991                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           640                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     30506841                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        0.356504                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       1.226302                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::0           27547326     90.30%     90.30% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::1             471416      1.55%     91.84% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::2             525067      1.72%     93.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::3             349123      1.14%     94.71% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::4             296704      0.97%     95.68% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::5            1002348      3.29%     98.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::6             120467      0.39%     99.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::7             169571      0.56%     99.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::8              24819      0.08%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       30506841                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                  74226     94.46%     94.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0      0.00%     94.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%     94.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                  429      0.55%     95.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%     95.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%     95.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0      0.00%     95.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0      0.00%     95.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%     95.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0      0.00%     95.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%     95.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%     95.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%     95.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%     95.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%     95.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%     95.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%     95.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%     95.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%     95.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%     95.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%     95.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%     95.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%     95.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%     95.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%     95.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%     95.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%     95.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%     95.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%     95.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     95.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%     95.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemRead                   756      0.96%     95.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                  199      0.25%     96.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead             2789      3.55%     99.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite             179      0.23%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass             4182      0.04%      0.04% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu              9197034     84.56%     84.60% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                  85      0.00%     84.60% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                  266      0.00%     84.61% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd              81437      0.75%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead              309067      2.84%     88.20% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite            1199243     11.03%     99.22% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead          46345      0.43%     99.65% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite         38167      0.35%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::total              10875826                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.rate                          0.356179                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_cnt                      78578                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.007225                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_reads          51967910                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_writes         10892568                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     10672192                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads             370966                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            203730                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses       181786                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.int_alu_accesses              10763077                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_alu_accesses                 187145                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads            2032                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        22282                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           49                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          197                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        12035                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           24                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked          509                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu0.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu0.iew.iewSquashCycles                  6519                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu0.iew.iewBlockCycles                  54260                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewUnblockCycles               139504                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispatchedInsts           10934664                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts              773                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispLoadInsts               362557                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispStoreInsts             1243420                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts               344                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewIQFullEvents                   343                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.iewLSQFullEvents               138984                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           197                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu0.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect          1707                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         6140                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.branchMispredicts                7847                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecutedInsts             10861179                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecLoadInsts               352608                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts            14647                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu0.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_refs                     1588685                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_branches                 1224712                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_stores                   1236077                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_rate                    0.355700                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu0.iew.wb_sent                      10857039                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu0.iew.wb_count                     10853978                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu0.iew.wb_producers                  7918772                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_consumers                 11059558                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_rate                      0.355464                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu0.iew.wb_fanout                    0.716012                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu0.commit.commitSquashedInsts         161628                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu0.commit.commitNonSpecStalls            110                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu0.commit.branchMispredicts             6374                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     30480858                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.353442                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.252382                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     27613277     90.59%     90.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       339386      1.11%     91.71% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       324371      1.06%     92.77% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      1085619      3.56%     96.33% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        65553      0.22%     96.55% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       661678      2.17%     98.72% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        73817      0.24%     98.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        22529      0.07%     99.03% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       294628      0.97%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     30480858                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committedInsts             5317612                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.commit.committedOps              10773216                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu0.commit.refs                       1571660                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu0.commit.loads                       340275                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu0.commit.membars                         40                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu0.commit.branches                   1218338                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu0.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.fp_insts                    178394                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.int_insts                 10677688                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.function_calls                1050                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass         2236      0.02%      0.02% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu         9119428     84.65%     84.67% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntMult             66      0.00%     84.67% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv             220      0.00%     84.67% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd         79606      0.74%     85.41% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     85.41% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     85.41% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.41% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.41% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     85.41% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0      0.00%     85.41% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.41% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     85.41% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.41% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     85.41% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     85.41% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     85.41% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     85.41% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0      0.00%     85.41% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.41% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.41% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.41% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     85.41% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.41% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.41% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.41% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.41% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.41% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     85.41% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.41% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.41% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.41% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemRead         296083      2.75%     88.16% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite       1193707     11.08%     99.24% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead        44192      0.41%     99.65% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite        37678      0.35%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::total         10773216                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.bw_lim_events               294628                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu0.rob.rob_reads                    41121074                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu0.rob.rob_writes                   21896173                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu0.timesIdled                            256                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu0.idleCycles                          27847                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu0.committedInsts                    5317612                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu0.committedOps                     10773216                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu0.cpi                              5.742181                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu0.cpi_total                        5.742181                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu0.ipc                              0.174150                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu0.ipc_total                        0.174150                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_reads                12420660                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_writes                8248895                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_reads                   281310                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_writes                  142956                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_reads                  6110101                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_writes                 5478988                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu0.misc_regfile_reads                4044871                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements           156914                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                1024                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs            1560648                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           156914                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs             9.945881                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data         1024                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          109                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          915                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses          6481074                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses         6481074                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data       346062                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         346062                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.data      1075773                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       1075773                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu0.data      1421835                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total         1421835                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu0.data      1421835                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total        1421835                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data         3583                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         3583                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu0.data       155622                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       155622                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu0.data       159205                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total        159205                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu0.data       159205                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total       159205                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    336443000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    336443000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  14032332498                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  14032332498                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  14368775498                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  14368775498                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  14368775498                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  14368775498                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data       349645                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       349645                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.data      1231395                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      1231395                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu0.data      1581040                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1581040                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu0.data      1581040                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1581040                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.010248                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010248                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.126379                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.126379                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.100696                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.100696                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.100696                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.100696                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 93899.804633                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 93899.804633                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 90169.336585                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 90169.336585                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 90253.292912                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 90253.292912                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 90253.292912                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 90253.292912                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs        11513                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets         1689                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs              144                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              2                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    79.951389                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets   844.500000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       155975                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total           155975                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data         2281                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         2281                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data            7                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.data         2288                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         2288                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.data         2288                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         2288                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         1302                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1302                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       155615                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       155615                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       156917                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       156917                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       156917                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       156917                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    135708500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    135708500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  13876144998                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  13876144998                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  14011853498                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  14011853498                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  14011853498                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  14011853498                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.003724                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003724                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.126373                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.126373                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.099249                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.099249                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.099249                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.099249                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 104230.798771                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104230.798771                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 89169.713704                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 89169.713704                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 89294.681252                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 89294.681252                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 89294.681252                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 89294.681252                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements              595                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse         1020.999409                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs             226478                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs              595                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs           380.635294                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst  1020.999409                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.997070                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.997070                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1021                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          205                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          816                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.997070                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses           190954                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses          190954                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst        46868                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total          46868                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu0.inst        46868                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total           46868                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu0.inst        46868                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total          46868                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.inst          721                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          721                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::cpu0.inst          721                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total           721                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::cpu0.inst          721                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total          721                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     53672999                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     53672999                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     53672999                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     53672999                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     53672999                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     53672999                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst        47589                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total        47589                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst        47589                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total        47589                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst        47589                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total        47589                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.015151                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015151                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.015151                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.015151                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.015151                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.015151                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 74442.439667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 74442.439667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 74442.439667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 74442.439667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 74442.439667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 74442.439667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           28                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                2                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           14                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::writebacks          595                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::total              595                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst          123                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          123                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst          123                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total          123                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst          123                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total          123                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          598                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          598                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          598                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          598                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          598                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          598                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     39822000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     39822000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     39822000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     39822000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     39822000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     39822000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.012566                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.012566                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.012566                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.012566                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.012566                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.012566                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 66591.973244                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 66591.973244                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 66591.973244                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 66591.973244                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 66591.973244                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 66591.973244                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.branchPred.lookups                      0                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.condPredicted                0                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu1.branchPred.condIncorrect                0                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBLookups                   0                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHitPct                  nan                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu1.branchPred.usedRAS                      0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu1.branchPred.RASInCorrect                 0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectLookups              0                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectHits                 0                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectMisses               0                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu1.branchPredindirectMispredicted            0                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu1.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::samples                 0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::mean                  nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::stdev                 nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::0                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::1                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::2                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::3                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::4                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::5                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::6                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::7                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::8                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::max_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::total                   0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.idleRate                        nan                       # Percent of cycles fetch was idle
system.cpu1.fetch.branchRate                      nan                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.fetch.rate                            nan                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.rename.serializeStallCycles             0                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu1.rename.serializingInsts                 0                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.tempSerializingInsts             0                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.skidInsts                        0                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedLoads                   0                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedStores                  0                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingLoads                0                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingStores               0                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean             nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev            nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::0                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::1                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::2                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::3                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::4                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::5                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::6                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::7                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::8                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::total              0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemRead                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::total                     0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.rate                               nan                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_cnt                          0                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_rate                       nan                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                  0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads               0                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads            0                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            0                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores            0                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu1.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu1.iew.iewSquashCycles                     0                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu1.iew.iewBlockCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewUnblockCycles                    0                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispatchedInsts                  0                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispStoreInsts                   0                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                 0                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewIQFullEvents                     0                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                    0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             0                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu1.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect             0                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect            0                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.branchMispredicts                   0                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecutedInsts                    0                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu1.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_refs                           0                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_branches                       0                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_stores                         0                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_rate                         nan                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu1.iew.wb_sent                             0                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu1.iew.wb_count                            0                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu1.iew.wb_producers                        0                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_consumers                        0                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_rate                           nan                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu1.iew.wb_fanout                         nan                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::0            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::1            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::2            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::3            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::4            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::5            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::6            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::7            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::8            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::total            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committedInsts                   0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.commit.committedOps                     0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu1.commit.refs                             0                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu1.commit.loads                            0                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu1.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu1.commit.branches                         0                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu1.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.fp_insts                         0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.int_insts                        0                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.function_calls                   0                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntMult              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemRead              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::total                0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.bw_lim_events                    0                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu1.rob.rob_reads                           0                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu1.rob.rob_writes                          0                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu1.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu1.committedOps                            0                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu1.cpi                                   nan                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu1.cpi_total                             nan                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu1.ipc                                   nan                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu1.ipc_total                             nan                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.replacements                    157672                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                        16384                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                      157202                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                    157672                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      0.997019                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks       52.226243                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst        32.950951                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data     16298.822805                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.003188                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst        0.002011                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data        0.994801                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total                   1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         16384                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          109                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          961                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         9561                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         5753                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                   2677648                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                  2677648                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks       155975                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total           155975                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks          593                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total              593                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu0.data                3                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total                    3                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu0.data                24                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                    24                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu0.inst            277                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::total                277                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu0.data            48                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total                48                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.inst                  277                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.data                   72                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                      349                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.inst                 277                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.data                  72                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                     349                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0.data          155588                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total              155588                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu0.inst          318                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total              318                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu0.data         1254                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total            1254                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.inst                318                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.data             156842                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                 157160                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.inst               318                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.data            156842                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                157160                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  13642411000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total   13642411000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     35994500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total     35994500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    133184500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total    133184500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     35994500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  13775595500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total      13811590000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     35994500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  13775595500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total     13811590000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks       155975                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       155975                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks          593                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total          593                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu0.data            3                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total                3                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0.data        155612                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total            155612                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu0.inst          595                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total            595                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu0.data         1302                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total          1302                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst              595                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.data           156914                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total               157509                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst             595                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.data          156914                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total              157509                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.999846                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.999846                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.534454                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total      0.534454                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.963134                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.963134                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst        0.534454                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data        0.999541                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.997784                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst       0.534454                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data       0.999541                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.997784                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 87682.925418                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 87682.925418                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 113190.251572                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total 113190.251572                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 106207.735247                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 106207.735247                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 113190.251572                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 87831.036967                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 87882.349198                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 113190.251572                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 87831.036967                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 87882.349198                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks               155403                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                    155403                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       155588                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total         155588                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          318                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total          318                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         1254                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total         1254                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst           318                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        156842                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total            157160                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          318                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       156842                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total           157160                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  12086531000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  12086531000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     32814500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     32814500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    120644500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    120644500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     32814500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  12207175500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  12239990000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     32814500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  12207175500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  12239990000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.999846                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999846                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.534454                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.534454                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.963134                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.963134                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.534454                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.999541                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.997784                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.534454                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.999541                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.997784                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 77682.925418                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77682.925418                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 103190.251572                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 103190.251572                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 96207.735247                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 96207.735247                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 103190.251572                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 77831.036967                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77882.349198                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 103190.251572                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 77831.036967                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77882.349198                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests        314174                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       157029                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp               1572                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       155403                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict             1611                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq            155588                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp           155588                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq          1572                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       471334                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total       471334                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 471334                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     20004032                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total     20004032                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                20004032                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples            157160                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                  157160    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total              157160                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer4.occupancy           936301000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer4.utilization               6.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy          826622500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              5.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests       315024                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       157509                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests           96                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops            752                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops          752                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp              1900                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       311378                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean          595                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict            3208                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq               3                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp              3                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq           155612                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp          155612                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq           598                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq         1302                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side         1788                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       470748                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total                472536                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        76160                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     20024896                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total               20101056                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                          157675                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                   9945984                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples           315187                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.002690                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.051800                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                 314339     99.73%     99.73% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                    848      0.27%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::5                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::6                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::7                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::8                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total             315187                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy          314082000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              2.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy            897000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy         235372999                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             1.5                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
