
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.015267                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 15267344125                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               1267189562375                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                               12528389                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                 23015888                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               69482543                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1247872                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                   219.73                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  2752852676                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                    5057262621                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.data         907584                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total             907584                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks       855552                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total          855552                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.data           14181                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total               14181                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks         13368                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total              13368                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.data          59446096                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total              59446096                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks        56038037                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total             56038037                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks        56038037                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.data         59446096                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total            115484133                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                       14181                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                      13368                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                     14181                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                    13368                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM                 907584                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                       0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                  856320                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                  907584                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys               855552                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                      0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0               768                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1               768                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2               769                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3               770                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4               788                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5               776                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6               896                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7               974                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8              1025                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9              1084                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10             1158                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11             1100                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12              979                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13              768                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14              783                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15              775                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0               640                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1               640                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2               641                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3               624                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4               671                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5               775                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6               896                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7              1001                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8              1001                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9              1062                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10             1158                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11             1100                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12              959                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13              768                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14              763                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15              681                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                   15266371000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                 14181                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6                13368                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                   14180                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                       1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                    729                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                    731                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                    745                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                    745                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                    745                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                    744                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                    744                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                    744                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                    744                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                    744                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                    744                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                    744                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                    744                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                    744                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                    744                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                    744                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                    744                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                    745                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples         6019                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    293.066622                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   181.935243                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev   289.473902                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127         2429     40.36%     40.36% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255          808     13.42%     53.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383          591      9.82%     63.60% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511         1429     23.74%     87.34% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639           48      0.80%     88.14% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767           59      0.98%     89.12% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895           56      0.93%     90.05% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           86      1.43%     91.48% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          513      8.52%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total         6019                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples          745                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean      19.052349                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean     18.456548                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev      9.132902                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::16-23           734     98.52%     98.52% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::24-31             1      0.13%     98.66% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::32-39             2      0.27%     98.93% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::64-71             1      0.13%     99.06% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::72-79             2      0.27%     99.33% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::96-103            1      0.13%     99.46% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::112-119            1      0.13%     99.60% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::120-127            2      0.27%     99.87% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::136-143            1      0.13%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total           745                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples          745                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      17.959732                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     17.957448                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev      0.276285                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16               14      1.88%      1.88% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::17                2      0.27%      2.15% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::18              729     97.85%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total           745                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                    363812000                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat               629705750                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                   70905000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     25654.89                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                44404.89                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                        59.45                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                        56.09                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                     59.45                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                     56.04                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         0.90                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     0.46                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    0.44                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      24.50                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                    10276                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                   11266                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 72.46                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                84.28                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                     554153.36                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    78.20                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                 16707600                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                  8884095                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy                46474260                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy               30735360                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         1038741600.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy            557651520                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy             50501280                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy      3138992850                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy      1080884640                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy       1172145840                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy             7141989255                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            467.795132                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime          13287575500                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE     84504000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF     441182000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF   4213750375                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN   2814857750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT     829202500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   6883847500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                 26268060                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                 13958010                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy                54778080                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy               39108240                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         1226821440.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy            776058990                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy             55636800                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy      3793808850                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy      1243669920                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy        609260760                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy             7839725010                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            513.496319                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime          13418825750                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE     92144500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF     520760000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF   1861297250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN   3238915500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT    1234539250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   8319687625                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.branchPred.lookups                5250586                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.condPredicted          5250586                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu0.branchPred.condIncorrect           110651                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBLookups             3408471                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHitPct             0.000000                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu0.branchPred.usedRAS                 728883                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu0.branchPred.RASInCorrect                 4                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectLookups        3408471                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectHits           2524364                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectMisses          884107                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu0.branchPredindirectMispredicted           25                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb.rdAccesses                    8907760                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrAccesses                    2094664                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.dtb.rdMisses                          234                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrAccesses                    6284040                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.workload.numSyscalls                    0                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.numCycles                        30534688                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.fetch.icacheStallCycles           6339656                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu0.fetch.Insts                      46477567                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu0.fetch.Branches                    5250586                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu0.fetch.predictedBranches           3253247                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu0.fetch.Cycles                     24084278                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu0.fetch.SquashCycles                 221508                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu0.fetch.CacheLines                  6284040                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu0.fetch.IcacheSquashes                55113                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::samples          30534688                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::mean             2.658983                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::stdev            3.371757                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::0                16774480     54.94%     54.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::1                  731348      2.40%     57.33% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::2                 1661757      5.44%     62.77% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::3                  657794      2.15%     64.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::4                  968712      3.17%     68.10% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::5                 1542925      5.05%     73.15% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::6                  561661      1.84%     74.99% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::7                  884564      2.90%     77.89% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::8                 6751447     22.11%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::total            30534688                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.branchRate                 0.171955                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.fetch.rate                       1.522124                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.decode.IdleCycles                 4148431                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu0.decode.BlockedCycles             15723344                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu0.decode.RunCycles                  6249658                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu0.decode.UnblockCycles              4302501                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu0.decode.SquashCycles                110754                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu0.decode.DecodedInsts              77590046                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu0.rename.SquashCycles                110754                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu0.rename.IdleCycles                 5840988                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu0.rename.BlockCycles                5714857                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu0.rename.serializeStallCycles             0                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu0.rename.RunCycles                  8802064                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu0.rename.UnblockCycles             10066025                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedInsts              77095077                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu0.rename.ROBFullEvents               194249                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu0.rename.IQFullEvents               9007711                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedOperands           82966887                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu0.rename.RenameLookups            183124728                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu0.rename.int_rename_lookups        60300746                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.fp_rename_lookups         75139273                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.CommittedMaps             70194646                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu0.rename.UndoneMaps                12772234                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu0.rename.serializingInsts                 0                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.tempSerializingInsts             0                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.skidInsts                 23103112                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedLoads             9512937                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedStores            2098843                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingLoads           425476                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingStores          124176                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsAdded                  76408042                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsIssued                 70646615                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued               12                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       10805220                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     15520913                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     30534688                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        2.313651                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       1.960719                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::0            6406964     20.98%     20.98% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::1            6090560     19.95%     40.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::2            5634650     18.45%     59.38% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::3            4837291     15.84%     75.22% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::4            2969780      9.73%     84.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::5            1969795      6.45%     91.40% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::6            1624021      5.32%     96.72% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::7             710355      2.33%     99.05% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::8             291272      0.95%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       30534688                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                     25      0.02%      0.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0      0.00%      0.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%      0.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd               105825     99.81%     99.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%     99.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%     99.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0      0.00%     99.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0      0.00%     99.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%     99.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0      0.00%     99.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%     99.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%     99.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%     99.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%     99.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%     99.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%     99.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%     99.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%     99.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%     99.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%     99.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%     99.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%     99.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%     99.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%     99.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%     99.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%     99.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%     99.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%     99.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%     99.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     99.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%     99.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemRead                   180      0.17%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                    0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass             6184      0.01%      0.01% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu             36766462     52.04%     52.05% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                   0      0.00%     52.05% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0      0.00%     52.05% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd           22895963     32.41%     84.46% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     84.46% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     84.46% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     84.46% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     84.46% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0      0.00%     84.46% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0      0.00%     84.46% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     84.46% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     84.46% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     84.46% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     84.46% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     84.46% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     84.46% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0      0.00%     84.46% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     84.46% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     84.46% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     84.46% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     84.46% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     84.46% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     84.46% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     84.46% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     84.46% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     84.46% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     84.46% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0      0.00%     84.46% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     84.46% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.46% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     84.46% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead             1951944      2.76%     87.22% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite            1469159      2.08%     89.30% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead        6930794      9.81%     99.11% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite        626109      0.89%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::total              70646615                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.rate                          2.313651                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_cnt                     106030                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.001501                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_reads          97390870                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_writes         37627421                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     33364476                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads           74543088                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes          49585944                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     37073890                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.int_alu_accesses              33421998                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_alu_accesses               37324463                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads          417412                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      1434488                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            6                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          103                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        10850                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu0.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu0.iew.iewSquashCycles                110754                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu0.iew.iewBlockCycles                3381765                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewUnblockCycles               111998                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispatchedInsts           76408042                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts                4                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispLoadInsts              9512937                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispStoreInsts             2098843                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                 0                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewIQFullEvents                 98519                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                    0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           103                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu0.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         59779                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        50892                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.branchMispredicts              110671                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecutedInsts             70447527                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecLoadInsts              8881582                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts           199086                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu0.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_refs                    10976246                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_branches                 4700416                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_stores                   2094664                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_rate                    2.307131                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu0.iew.wb_sent                      70443010                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu0.iew.wb_count                     70438366                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu0.iew.wb_producers                 52435796                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_consumers                 92236350                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_rate                      2.306831                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu0.iew.wb_fanout                    0.568494                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu0.commit.commitSquashedInsts       10805220                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu0.commit.branchMispredicts           110651                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     29152661                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     2.250320                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     2.859154                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     10958625     37.59%     37.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      7505239     25.74%     63.34% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      1055001      3.62%     66.95% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      2901331      9.95%     76.91% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      1145512      3.93%     80.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       214325      0.74%     81.57% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       419143      1.44%     83.01% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       512819      1.76%     84.77% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      4440666     15.23%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     29152661                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committedInsts            36948609                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.commit.committedOps              65602826                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu0.commit.refs                      10166444                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu0.commit.loads                      8078450                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu0.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu0.commit.branches                   4589184                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu0.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.fp_insts                  33919579                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.int_insts                 40729202                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.function_calls              624286                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass         5961      0.01%      0.01% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu        34100619     51.98%     51.99% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntMult              0      0.00%     51.99% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv               0      0.00%     51.99% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd      21329802     32.51%     84.50% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     84.50% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     84.50% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     84.50% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.50% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     84.50% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0      0.00%     84.50% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     84.50% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     84.50% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     84.50% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     84.50% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     84.50% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     84.50% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     84.50% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0      0.00%     84.50% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.50% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     84.50% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     84.50% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     84.50% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     84.50% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     84.50% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     84.50% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     84.50% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     84.50% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     84.50% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     84.50% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.50% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     84.50% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemRead        1939866      2.96%     87.46% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite       1463707      2.23%     89.69% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead      6138584      9.36%     99.05% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite       624287      0.95%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::total         65602826                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.bw_lim_events              4440666                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu0.rob.rob_reads                   101120041                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu0.rob.rob_writes                  154198139                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu0.committedInsts                   36948609                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu0.committedOps                     65602826                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu0.cpi                              0.826410                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu0.cpi_total                        0.826410                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu0.ipc                              1.210054                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu0.ipc_total                        1.210054                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_reads                56047892                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_writes               28543204                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_reads                 64591005                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_writes                33222574                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_reads                 20541458                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_writes                13379216                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu0.misc_regfile_reads               24107564                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements            14203                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                1024                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs            1070609                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs            14203                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs            75.379075                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data         1024                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           10                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           84                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          705                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            5                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          220                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         42327551                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses        42327551                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data      8476063                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        8476063                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.data      2087993                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       2087993                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu0.data     10564056                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total        10564056                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu0.data     10564056                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total       10564056                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data        14281                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        14281                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu0.data        14281                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total         14281                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu0.data        14281                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total        14281                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data   1395287500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1395287500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data   1395287500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1395287500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data   1395287500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1395287500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data      8490344                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8490344                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.data      2087993                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      2087993                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu0.data     10578337                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total     10578337                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu0.data     10578337                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total     10578337                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.001682                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.001682                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.001350                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.001350                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.001350                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.001350                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 97702.366781                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 97702.366781                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 97702.366781                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 97702.366781                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 97702.366781                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 97702.366781                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        13371                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total            13371                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data           79                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           79                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.data           79                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total           79                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.data           79                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total           79                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        14202                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        14202                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        14202                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        14202                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        14202                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        14202                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   1375648500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1375648500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   1375648500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1375648500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   1375648500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1375648500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.001673                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001673                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.001343                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001343                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.001343                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001343                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 96863.012252                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 96863.012252                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 96863.012252                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 96863.012252                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 96863.012252                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 96863.012252                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse                1021                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst         1021                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.997070                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.997070                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1021                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         1021                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.997070                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses         25136160                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses        25136160                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst      6284040                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        6284040                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu0.inst      6284040                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total         6284040                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu0.inst      6284040                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total        6284040                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst      6284040                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      6284040                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst      6284040                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total      6284040                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst      6284040                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total      6284040                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.branchPred.lookups                      0                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.condPredicted                0                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu1.branchPred.condIncorrect                0                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBLookups                   0                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHitPct                  nan                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu1.branchPred.usedRAS                      0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu1.branchPred.RASInCorrect                 0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectLookups              0                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectHits                 0                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectMisses               0                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu1.branchPredindirectMispredicted            0                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu1.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::samples                 0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::mean                  nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::stdev                 nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::0                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::1                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::2                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::3                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::4                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::5                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::6                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::7                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::8                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::max_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::total                   0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.idleRate                        nan                       # Percent of cycles fetch was idle
system.cpu1.fetch.branchRate                      nan                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.fetch.rate                            nan                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.rename.serializeStallCycles             0                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu1.rename.serializingInsts                 0                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.tempSerializingInsts             0                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.skidInsts                        0                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedLoads                   0                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedStores                  0                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingLoads                0                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingStores               0                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean             nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev            nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::0                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::1                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::2                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::3                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::4                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::5                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::6                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::7                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::8                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::total              0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemRead                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::total                     0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.rate                               nan                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_cnt                          0                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_rate                       nan                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                  0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads               0                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads            0                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            0                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores            0                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu1.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu1.iew.iewSquashCycles                     0                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu1.iew.iewBlockCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewUnblockCycles                    0                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispatchedInsts                  0                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispStoreInsts                   0                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                 0                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewIQFullEvents                     0                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                    0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             0                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu1.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect             0                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect            0                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.branchMispredicts                   0                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecutedInsts                    0                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu1.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_refs                           0                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_branches                       0                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_stores                         0                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_rate                         nan                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu1.iew.wb_sent                             0                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu1.iew.wb_count                            0                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu1.iew.wb_producers                        0                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_consumers                        0                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_rate                           nan                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu1.iew.wb_fanout                         nan                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::0            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::1            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::2            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::3            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::4            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::5            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::6            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::7            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::8            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::total            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committedInsts                   0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.commit.committedOps                     0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu1.commit.refs                             0                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu1.commit.loads                            0                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu1.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu1.commit.branches                         0                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu1.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.fp_insts                         0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.int_insts                        0                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.function_calls                   0                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntMult              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemRead              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::total                0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.bw_lim_events                    0                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu1.rob.rob_reads                           0                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu1.rob.rob_writes                          0                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu1.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu1.committedOps                            0                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu1.cpi                                   nan                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu1.cpi_total                             nan                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu1.ipc                                   nan                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu1.ipc_total                             nan                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.replacements                     14181                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                        16384                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                       14188                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                     14181                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      1.000494                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data            16384                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data               1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total                   1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         16384                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           10                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           84                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          841                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         8378                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         7071                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                    241421                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                   241421                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks        13371                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total            13371                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu0.data            21                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total                21                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.data                   21                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                       21                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.data                  21                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                      21                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu0.data        14181                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total           14181                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.data              14181                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                  14181                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.data             14181                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                 14181                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data   1354045000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total   1354045000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data   1354045000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total       1354045000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data   1354045000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total      1354045000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks        13371                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        13371                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu0.data        14202                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total         14202                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.data            14202                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total                14202                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.data           14202                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total               14202                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.998521                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.998521                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data        0.998521                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.998521                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data       0.998521                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.998521                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 95483.040688                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 95483.040688                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 95483.040688                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 95483.040688                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 95483.040688                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 95483.040688                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                13367                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                     13367                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::writebacks            1                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::total             1                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        14181                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total        14181                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         14181                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total             14181                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        14181                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total            14181                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   1212235000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1212235000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   1212235000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1212235000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   1212235000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1212235000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::writebacks          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.998521                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.998521                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.998521                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.998521                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.998521                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.998521                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 85483.040688                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 85483.040688                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 85483.040688                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 85483.040688                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 85483.040688                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 85483.040688                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests         28363                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests        14182                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              14181                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        13368                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict              814                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq         14181                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port        42544                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total        42544                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  42544                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port      1763136                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total      1763136                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                 1763136                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples             14181                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                   14181    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total               14181                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer4.occupancy            85411500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer4.utilization               0.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy           75527250                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests        28405                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests        14203                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops              1                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            1                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp             14203                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        26738                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict            1646                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        14202                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        42608                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total                 42608                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      1764736                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total                1764736                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                           14181                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                    855488                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples            28383                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.000035                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.005936                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                  28382    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                      1      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::5                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::6                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::7                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::8                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total              28383                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy           27573500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy          21304500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
