
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.015267                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 15267344125                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               1206120185875                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                               22084975                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                 40640012                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              128892048                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1247872                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                   118.45                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  2615978790                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                    4813834697                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.inst           4032                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.data       16786432                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total           16790464                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu0.inst         4032                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total          4032                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks      2861888                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total         2861888                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.inst              63                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.data          262288                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total              262351                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks         44717                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total              44717                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.inst            264093                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.data        1099499157                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total            1099763250                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu0.inst       264093                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total           264093                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks       187451594                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total            187451594                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks       187451594                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.inst           264093                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.data       1099499157                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total           1287214845                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                      262352                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                      44717                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                    262352                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                    44717                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM               16790400                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                     128                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                 2861888                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                16790528                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys              2861888                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                      2                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0             16405                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1             16419                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2             16528                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3             16449                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4             16276                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5             16277                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6             16407                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7             16222                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8             16302                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9             16381                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10            16389                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11            16409                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12            16510                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13            16519                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14            16462                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15            16395                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0              2833                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1              2816                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2              2816                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3              2877                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4              2723                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5              2691                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6              2741                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7              2700                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8              2717                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9              2824                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10             2832                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11             2831                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12             2859                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13             2817                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14             2824                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15             2816                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                   15267397000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                262352                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6                44717                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                  162415                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                   99876                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                      40                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                      17                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                      8                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                      8                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                   2236                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                   2804                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                   2796                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                   2793                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                   2798                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                   2795                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                   2797                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                   2808                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                   2803                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                   2793                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                   2800                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                   2930                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                   3027                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                   2835                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                   2812                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                   2871                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples        22615                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    868.962370                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   755.123093                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev   294.856631                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127          821      3.63%      3.63% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255          938      4.15%      7.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383          746      3.30%     11.08% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511          619      2.74%     13.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639          846      3.74%     17.55% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767          641      2.83%     20.39% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895          734      3.25%     23.63% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023         1031      4.56%     28.19% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151        16239     71.81%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total        22615                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples         2793                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean     147.976011                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean     16.293755                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev   6892.665793                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::0-16383         2792     99.96%     99.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::360448-376831            1      0.04%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total          2793                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples         2793                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      16.010383                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     16.009455                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev      0.184168                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16             2783     99.64%     99.64% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::17                2      0.07%     99.71% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::19                5      0.18%     99.89% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::20                3      0.11%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total          2793                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                   2766222500                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat              7685285000                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                 1311750000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     10544.02                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                29294.02                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                      1099.76                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                       187.45                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                   1099.77                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                    187.45                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                        10.06                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     8.59                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    1.46                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.56                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      29.81                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                   243500                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                   40952                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 92.81                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                91.58                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                      49719.76                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    92.64                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                 80303580                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                 42682365                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy               935218620                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy              115868340                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         819315120.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy           1529270100                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy             66588000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy      2132430420                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy       477074400                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy       1468401660                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy             7667152605                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            502.192951                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime          11740454500                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE     67924000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF     347354000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF   5821508750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN   1242420250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT    3111611625                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   4676525500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                 81167520                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                 43141560                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy               937960380                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy              117554400                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         831607920.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy           1576467810                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy             66815520                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy      2149183860                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy       484790880                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy       1429225920                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy             7717915770                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            505.517902                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime          11604032500                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE     68543000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF     352560000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF   5660579875                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN   1262452000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT    3210341250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   4712868000                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.branchPred.lookups                3751276                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.condPredicted          3751276                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu0.branchPred.condIncorrect             6898                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBLookups             3749918                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHitPct             0.000000                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu0.branchPred.usedRAS                   1076                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu0.branchPred.RASInCorrect               228                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectLookups        3749918                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectHits           3713876                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectMisses           36042                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu0.branchPredindirectMispredicted         1360                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb.rdAccesses                    3840223                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrAccesses                     362215                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.dtb.rdMisses                         3594                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrMisses                          740                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrAccesses                      33928                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrMisses                           68                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.workload.numSyscalls                   11                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.numCycles                        30534688                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.fetch.icacheStallCycles             38889                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu0.fetch.Insts                      19201748                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu0.fetch.Branches                    3751276                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu0.fetch.predictedBranches           3714952                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu0.fetch.Cycles                     30484558                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu0.fetch.SquashCycles                  14002                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu0.fetch.MiscStallCycles                  59                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu0.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles          369                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu0.fetch.CacheLines                    33864                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu0.fetch.IcacheSquashes                  486                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::samples          30530876                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::mean             1.115179                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::stdev            2.516632                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::0                23063826     75.54%     75.54% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::1                 2718603      8.90%     84.45% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::2                  480103      1.57%     86.02% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::3                  337371      1.11%     87.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::4                  162602      0.53%     87.66% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::5                  120915      0.40%     88.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::6                  384730      1.26%     89.31% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::7                  308686      1.01%     90.32% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::8                 2954040      9.68%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::total            30530876                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.branchRate                 0.122853                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.fetch.rate                       0.628850                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.decode.IdleCycles                 1365197                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu0.decode.BlockedCycles             24892065                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu0.decode.RunCycles                  1304340                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu0.decode.UnblockCycles              2962273                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu0.decode.SquashCycles                  7001                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu0.decode.DecodedInsts              33877999                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu0.rename.SquashCycles                  7001                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu0.rename.IdleCycles                 2101511                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu0.rename.BlockCycles               15022819                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu0.rename.serializeStallCycles          2207                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu0.rename.RunCycles                  3529880                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu0.rename.UnblockCycles              9867458                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedInsts              33828153                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu0.rename.ROBFullEvents               880804                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu0.rename.IQFullEvents               2232056                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu0.rename.LQFullEvents                  8982                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu0.rename.SQFullEvents               6153531                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedOperands           55439095                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu0.rename.RenameLookups             76070139                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu0.rename.int_rename_lookups        45512638                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.fp_rename_lookups           183229                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.CommittedMaps             55144044                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu0.rename.UndoneMaps                  295050                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu0.rename.serializingInsts                36                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.tempSerializingInsts            38                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.skidInsts                 10880518                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedLoads             3858529                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedStores             380041                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingLoads              401                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingStores             415                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsAdded                  33801579                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu0.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded                386                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsIssued                 33749280                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued              748                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined         202318                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       252039                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           345                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     30530876                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        1.105415                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       1.889209                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::0           20417928     66.88%     66.88% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::1            2317561      7.59%     74.47% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::2            1370108      4.49%     78.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::3            2218667      7.27%     86.22% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::4             946534      3.10%     89.32% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::5            1511406      4.95%     94.27% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::6            1559941      5.11%     99.38% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::7             177158      0.58%     99.96% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::8              11573      0.04%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       30530876                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                   7970     76.87%     76.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0      0.00%     76.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%     76.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    4      0.04%     76.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%     76.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%     76.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0      0.00%     76.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0      0.00%     76.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%     76.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0      0.00%     76.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%     76.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%     76.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%     76.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%     76.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%     76.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%     76.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%     76.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%     76.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%     76.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%     76.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%     76.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%     76.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%     76.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%     76.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%     76.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%     76.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%     76.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%     76.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%     76.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     76.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%     76.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemRead                  1132     10.92%     87.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                 1206     11.63%     99.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead                2      0.02%     99.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite              54      0.52%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            17969      0.05%      0.05% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu             29511456     87.44%     87.50% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                5176      0.02%     87.51% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                   29      0.00%     87.51% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                760      0.00%     87.51% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     87.51% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     87.51% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     87.51% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     87.51% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0      0.00%     87.51% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0      0.00%     87.51% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     87.51% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     87.51% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     87.51% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     87.51% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     87.51% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     87.51% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0      0.00%     87.51% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     87.51% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     87.51% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     87.51% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     87.51% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     87.51% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     87.51% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     87.51% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     87.51% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     87.51% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     87.51% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0      0.00%     87.51% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     87.51% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     87.51% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     87.51% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead             3851068     11.41%     98.92% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite             181557      0.54%     99.46% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead            126      0.00%     99.46% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite        181139      0.54%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::total              33749280                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.rate                          1.105277                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_cnt                      10368                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.000307                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_reads          97676199                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_writes         33821601                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     33525477                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads             364360                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            182741                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses       182066                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.int_alu_accesses              33559491                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_alu_accesses                 182188                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads             813                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        37033                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           11                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           62                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        19507                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           13                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked          100                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu0.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu0.iew.iewSquashCycles                  7001                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu0.iew.iewBlockCycles               12076883                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewUnblockCycles              1857838                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispatchedInsts           33801965                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts               69                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispLoadInsts              3858529                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispStoreInsts              380041                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts               151                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewIQFullEvents                 36649                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.iewLSQFullEvents              1821165                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.memOrderViolationEvents            62                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu0.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect          5548                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         1967                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.branchMispredicts                7515                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecutedInsts             33714421                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecLoadInsts              3840196                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts            34866                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu0.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_refs                     4202404                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_branches                 3717718                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_stores                    362208                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_rate                    1.104135                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu0.iew.wb_sent                      33713483                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu0.iew.wb_count                     33707543                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu0.iew.wb_producers                 27829618                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_consumers                 39825743                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_rate                      1.103910                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu0.iew.wb_fanout                    0.698785                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu0.commit.commitSquashedInsts         202342                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu0.commit.commitNonSpecStalls             41                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu0.commit.branchMispredicts             6956                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     30502457                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     1.101539                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.963450                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     22680809     74.36%     74.36% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       463885      1.52%     75.88% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       132427      0.43%     76.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       187500      0.61%     76.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      3361430     11.02%     87.95% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      3511096     11.51%     99.46% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         5237      0.02%     99.48% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         4807      0.02%     99.49% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       155266      0.51%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     30502457                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committedInsts            18905315                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.commit.committedOps              33599638                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu0.commit.refs                       4182029                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu0.commit.loads                      3821495                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu0.commit.membars                         20                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu0.commit.branches                   3705326                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu0.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.fp_insts                    181915                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.int_insts                 33581574                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.function_calls                 334                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass        17365      0.05%      0.05% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu        29394358     87.48%     87.54% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntMult           5164      0.02%     87.55% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv              14      0.00%     87.55% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd           708      0.00%     87.55% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     87.55% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     87.55% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     87.55% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     87.55% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     87.55% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0      0.00%     87.55% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     87.55% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     87.55% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     87.55% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     87.55% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     87.55% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     87.55% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     87.55% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0      0.00%     87.55% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     87.55% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     87.55% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     87.55% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     87.55% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     87.55% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     87.55% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     87.55% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     87.55% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     87.55% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     87.55% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     87.55% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     87.55% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     87.55% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemRead        3821403     11.37%     98.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite        179518      0.53%     99.46% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead           92      0.00%     99.46% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite       181016      0.54%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::total         33599638                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.bw_lim_events               155266                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu0.rob.rob_reads                    64149171                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu0.rob.rob_writes                   67632550                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu0.timesIdled                             54                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu0.idleCycles                           3812                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu0.committedInsts                   18905315                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu0.committedOps                     33599638                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu0.cpi                              1.615138                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu0.cpi_total                        1.615138                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu0.ipc                              0.619142                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu0.ipc_total                        0.619142                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_reads                45311394                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_writes               29621673                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_reads                   182748                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_writes                     858                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_reads                 18621811                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_writes                25688077                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu0.misc_regfile_reads               11636203                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements           263260                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                1024                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs            1353935                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           263260                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs             5.142958                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data         1024                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          203                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          821                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         17062068                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses        17062068                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data      1038069                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        1038069                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.data       315867                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        315867                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu0.data      1353936                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total         1353936                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu0.data      1353936                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total        1353936                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data      2801097                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total      2801097                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu0.data        44669                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total        44669                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu0.data      2845766                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total       2845766                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu0.data      2845766                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total      2845766                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data 187311278500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 187311278500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data   3896528999                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   3896528999                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data 191207807499                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 191207807499                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data 191207807499                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 191207807499                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data      3839166                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      3839166                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.data       360536                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       360536                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu0.data      4199702                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total      4199702                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu0.data      4199702                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total      4199702                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.729611                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.729611                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.123896                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.123896                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.677611                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.677611                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.677611                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.677611                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 66870.686199                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 66870.686199                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 87231.167006                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 87231.167006                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 67190.277591                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 67190.277591                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 67190.277591                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 67190.277591                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs         2610                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               41                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    63.658537                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        45679                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total            45679                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data      2582498                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total      2582498                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data            4                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            4                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.data      2582502                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total      2582502                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.data      2582502                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total      2582502                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       218599                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       218599                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        44665                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        44665                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       263264                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       263264                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       263264                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       263264                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  17645874500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  17645874500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   3851366999                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3851366999                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  21497241499                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  21497241499                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  21497241499                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  21497241499                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.056939                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.056939                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.123885                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.123885                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.062686                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.062686                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.062686                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.062686                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 80722.576499                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 80722.576499                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 86227.851763                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 86227.851763                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 81656.593758                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 81656.593758                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 81656.593758                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 81656.593758                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements              150                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse         1020.194666                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs            2182770                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs              150                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs         14551.800000                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst  1020.194666                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.996284                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.996284                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1020                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         1018                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.996094                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses           135608                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses          135608                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst        33672                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total          33672                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu0.inst        33672                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total           33672                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu0.inst        33672                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total          33672                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.inst          192                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          192                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::cpu0.inst          192                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total           192                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::cpu0.inst          192                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total          192                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst      9688000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      9688000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst      9688000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      9688000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst      9688000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      9688000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst        33864                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total        33864                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst        33864                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total        33864                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst        33864                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total        33864                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.005670                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.005670                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.005670                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005670                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.005670                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005670                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 50458.333333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 50458.333333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 50458.333333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 50458.333333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 50458.333333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 50458.333333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            6                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            6                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::writebacks          150                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::total              150                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst           40                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           40                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          152                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          152                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          152                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          152                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          152                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          152                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst      7639500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7639500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst      7639500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      7639500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst      7639500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      7639500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.004489                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004489                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.004489                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004489                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.004489                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004489                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 50259.868421                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 50259.868421                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 50259.868421                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 50259.868421                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 50259.868421                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 50259.868421                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.branchPred.lookups                      0                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.condPredicted                0                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu1.branchPred.condIncorrect                0                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBLookups                   0                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHitPct                  nan                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu1.branchPred.usedRAS                      0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu1.branchPred.RASInCorrect                 0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectLookups              0                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectHits                 0                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectMisses               0                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu1.branchPredindirectMispredicted            0                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu1.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::samples                 0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::mean                  nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::stdev                 nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::0                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::1                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::2                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::3                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::4                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::5                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::6                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::7                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::8                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::max_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::total                   0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.idleRate                        nan                       # Percent of cycles fetch was idle
system.cpu1.fetch.branchRate                      nan                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.fetch.rate                            nan                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.rename.serializeStallCycles             0                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu1.rename.serializingInsts                 0                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.tempSerializingInsts             0                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.skidInsts                        0                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedLoads                   0                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedStores                  0                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingLoads                0                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingStores               0                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean             nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev            nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::0                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::1                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::2                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::3                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::4                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::5                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::6                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::7                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::8                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::total              0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemRead                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::total                     0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.rate                               nan                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_cnt                          0                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_rate                       nan                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                  0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads               0                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads            0                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            0                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores            0                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu1.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu1.iew.iewSquashCycles                     0                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu1.iew.iewBlockCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewUnblockCycles                    0                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispatchedInsts                  0                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispStoreInsts                   0                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                 0                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewIQFullEvents                     0                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                    0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             0                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu1.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect             0                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect            0                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.branchMispredicts                   0                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecutedInsts                    0                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu1.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_refs                           0                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_branches                       0                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_stores                         0                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_rate                         nan                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu1.iew.wb_sent                             0                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu1.iew.wb_count                            0                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu1.iew.wb_producers                        0                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_consumers                        0                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_rate                           nan                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu1.iew.wb_fanout                         nan                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::0            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::1            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::2            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::3            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::4            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::5            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::6            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::7            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::8            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::total            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committedInsts                   0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.commit.committedOps                     0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu1.commit.refs                             0                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu1.commit.loads                            0                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu1.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu1.commit.branches                         0                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu1.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.fp_insts                         0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.int_insts                        0                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.function_calls                   0                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntMult              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemRead              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::total                0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.bw_lim_events                    0                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu1.rob.rob_reads                           0                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu1.rob.rob_writes                          0                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu1.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu1.committedOps                            0                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu1.cpi                                   nan                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu1.cpi_total                             nan                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu1.ipc                                   nan                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu1.ipc_total                             nan                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.replacements                    262463                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                        16384                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                      264356                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                    262463                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      1.007212                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks        9.319306                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst         5.185193                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data     16369.495501                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.000569                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst        0.000316                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data        0.999115                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total                   1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         16384                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          203                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1         1786                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2        14395                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                   4477039                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                  4477039                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks        45679                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total            45679                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks          150                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total              150                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu0.data                2                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total                    2                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu0.data                 8                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                     8                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu0.inst             87                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::total                 87                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu0.data           964                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total               964                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.inst                   87                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.data                  972                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                     1059                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.inst                  87                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.data                 972                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                    1059                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0.data           44656                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total               44656                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu0.inst           63                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total               63                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu0.data       217634                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total          217634                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.inst                 63                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.data             262290                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                 262353                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.inst                63                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.data            262290                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                262353                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data   3784343000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total    3784343000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst      6489500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total      6489500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  17307733500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total  17307733500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst      6489500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  21092076500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total      21098566000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst      6489500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  21092076500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total     21098566000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks        45679                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        45679                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks          150                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total          150                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu0.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total                2                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0.data         44664                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total             44664                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu0.inst          150                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total            150                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu0.data       218598                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total        218598                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst              150                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.data           263262                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total               263412                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst             150                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.data          263262                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total              263412                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.999821                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.999821                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.420000                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total      0.420000                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.995590                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.995590                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst        0.420000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data        0.996308                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.995980                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst       0.420000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data       0.996308                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.995980                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 84744.334468                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 84744.334468                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 103007.936508                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total 103007.936508                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 79526.790391                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 79526.790391                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 103007.936508                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 80415.099699                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 80420.525018                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 103007.936508                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 80415.099699                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 80420.525018                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                44717                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                     44717                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::writebacks            1                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::total             1                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        44656                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total          44656                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst           63                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total           63                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       217634                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total       217634                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst            63                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        262290                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total            262353                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst           63                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       262290                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total           262353                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   3337783000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3337783000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst      5859500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5859500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  15131413500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  15131413500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst      5859500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  18469196500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  18475056000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst      5859500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  18469196500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  18475056000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::writebacks          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.999821                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999821                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.420000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.420000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.995590                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.995590                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.420000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.996308                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.995980                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.420000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.996308                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.995980                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 74744.334468                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 74744.334468                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 93007.936508                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 93007.936508                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 69526.882289                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69526.882289                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 93007.936508                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 70415.175950                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70420.601251                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 93007.936508                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 70415.175950                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70420.601251                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests        524703                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       262352                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             217695                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        44717                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict           217634                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq             44656                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp            44656                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        217696                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       787054                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total       787054                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 787054                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     19652352                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total     19652352                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                19652352                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples            262352                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                  262352    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total              262352                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer4.occupancy           788857000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer4.utilization               5.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy         1378643750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              9.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests       526826                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       263410                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests           17                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops            124                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops          124                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp            218748                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        90396                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean          150                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict          435327                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq               2                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp              2                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq            44664                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp           44664                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq           152                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       218598                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side          452                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       789786                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total                790238                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        19200                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     19772096                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total               19791296                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                          262465                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                   2862016                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples           525879                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.000268                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.016372                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                 525738     99.97%     99.97% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                    141      0.03%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::5                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::6                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::7                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::8                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total             525879                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy          309242000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              2.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy            228000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy         394891499                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             2.6                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
