
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.015267                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 15267344125                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               10916151049375                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                               72233092                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                135261684                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              173605955                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1248940                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                    87.94                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  6352358458                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   11895251400                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.data       13866112                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total           13866112                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks      9415936                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total         9415936                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.data          216658                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total              216658                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks        147124                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total             147124                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.data         908220309                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total             908220309                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks       616736999                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total            616736999                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks       616736999                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.data        908220309                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total           1524957308                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                      216659                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                     147124                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                    216659                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                   147124                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM               13866048                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                     128                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                 9416256                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                13866176                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys              9415936                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                      2                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0             13444                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1             13523                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2             13494                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3             13459                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4             13545                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5             13477                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6             13588                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7             13415                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8             13654                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9             13608                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10            13509                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11            13697                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12            13649                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13            13602                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14            13474                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15            13519                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0              9186                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1              9213                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2              9165                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3              9113                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4              9170                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5              9099                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6              9199                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7              9079                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8              9243                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9              9256                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10             9214                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11             9298                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12             9259                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13             9247                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14             9174                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15             9214                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                   15267410000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                216659                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6               147124                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                  141355                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                   65643                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                    9647                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                      12                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                      2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                      3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                   7071                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                   9070                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                   9196                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                   9198                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                   9197                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                   9196                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                   9194                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                   9196                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                   9228                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                   9264                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                   9651                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                   9278                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                   9431                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                  10244                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                   9337                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                   9367                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples       168870                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    137.881021                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean    97.541330                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev   181.549224                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127       108603     64.31%     64.31% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255        38734     22.94%     87.25% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383        11466      6.79%     94.04% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511         3090      1.83%     95.87% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639          885      0.52%     96.39% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767          546      0.32%     96.72% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895          213      0.13%     96.84% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          573      0.34%     97.18% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         4760      2.82%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total       168870                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples         9195                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean      23.564328                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean     22.755406                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev      6.113127                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::14-15           556      6.05%      6.05% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::16-17          2243     24.39%     30.44% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::18-19           151      1.64%     32.08% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::20-21           407      4.43%     36.51% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::22-23           848      9.22%     45.73% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::24-25          1142     12.42%     58.15% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::26-27          1221     13.28%     71.43% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::28-29          1030     11.20%     82.63% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::30-31           745      8.10%     90.73% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::32-33           433      4.71%     95.44% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::34-35           215      2.34%     97.78% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::36-37           113      1.23%     99.01% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::38-39            54      0.59%     99.60% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::40-41            20      0.22%     99.82% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::42-43            12      0.13%     99.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::44-45             4      0.04%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::46-47             1      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total          9195                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples         9195                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      16.000979                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     16.000926                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev      0.042989                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16             9189     99.93%     99.93% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::17                4      0.04%     99.98% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::18                1      0.01%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::19                1      0.01%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total          9195                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                   5706563500                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat              9768882250                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                 1083285000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     26339.16                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                45089.16                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                       908.22                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                       616.76                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                    908.22                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                    616.74                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                        11.91                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     7.10                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    4.82                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.54                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      26.32                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                   149164                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                   45761                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 68.85                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                31.10                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                      41968.45                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    53.58                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                601937700                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                319956450                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy               770727300                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy              382229280                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         1074390720.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy           2571041430                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy             41840640                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy      3256556490                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy       184410720                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy        473822520                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy             9676913250                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            633.830820                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime           9520464500                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE     19851750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF     454684000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF   1898322500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    480124750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT    5272343875                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   7142017250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                603729840                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                320905200                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy               776203680                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy              385784100                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         1076849280.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy           2580004110                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy             42245760                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy      3252018150                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy       194501760                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy        464381580                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy             9696623460                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            635.121825                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime           9499528500                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE     19978750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF     455712000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF   1861293500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    506484875                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT    5291742750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   7132132250                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.branchPred.lookups                2727035                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.condPredicted          2727035                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu0.branchPred.condIncorrect              177                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBLookups             2421844                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHitPct             0.000000                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu0.branchPred.usedRAS                 187246                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu0.branchPred.RASInCorrect                 3                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectLookups        2421844                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectHits           1176213                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectMisses         1245631                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu0.branchPredindirectMispredicted           21                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb.rdAccesses                    2774467                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrAccesses                    1838198                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.dtb.rdMisses                        75212                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrMisses                            1                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrAccesses                    1648350                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.workload.numSyscalls                    0                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.numCycles                        30534688                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.fetch.icacheStallCycles           1648522                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu0.fetch.Insts                      11245661                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu0.fetch.Branches                    2727035                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu0.fetch.predictedBranches           1363459                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu0.fetch.Cycles                     28885969                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu0.fetch.SquashCycles                    394                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu0.fetch.CacheLines                  1648350                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu0.fetch.IcacheSquashes                   19                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::samples          30534688                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::mean             0.760735                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::stdev            2.159368                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::0                26571119     87.02%     87.02% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::1                  282735      0.93%     87.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::2                  332102      1.09%     89.03% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::3                  250581      0.82%     89.85% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::4                  261264      0.86%     90.71% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::5                  501840      1.64%     92.35% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::6                  291101      0.95%     93.31% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::7                  122299      0.40%     93.71% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::8                 1921647      6.29%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::total            30534688                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.branchRate                 0.089309                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.fetch.rate                       0.368291                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.decode.IdleCycles                  619323                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu0.decode.BlockedCycles             26778471                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu0.decode.RunCycles                  2325375                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu0.decode.UnblockCycles               811322                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu0.decode.SquashCycles                   197                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu0.decode.DecodedInsts              23223650                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu0.rename.SquashCycles                   197                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu0.rename.IdleCycles                 1064624                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu0.rename.BlockCycles               24737967                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu0.rename.serializeStallCycles             4                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu0.rename.RunCycles                  2652350                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu0.rename.UnblockCycles              2079546                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedInsts              23222750                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu0.rename.ROBFullEvents               160350                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu0.rename.IQFullEvents               1629082                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu0.rename.LQFullEvents                     4                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedOperands           25712871                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu0.rename.RenameLookups             60365656                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu0.rename.int_rename_lookups        34886545                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.CommittedMaps             25695990                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu0.rename.UndoneMaps                   16947                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu0.rename.serializingInsts                 1                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.tempSerializingInsts             1                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.skidInsts                  5568790                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedLoads             2774849                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedStores            1838759                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingLoads            96724                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingStores          112502                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsAdded                  23221455                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu0.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded                 16                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsIssued                 23216988                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued              220                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined          14511                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined        19133                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved            13                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     30534688                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        0.760348                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       1.863360                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::0           24802577     81.23%     81.23% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::1             926945      3.04%     84.26% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::2             914378      2.99%     87.26% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::3             900937      2.95%     90.21% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::4             557733      1.83%     92.03% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::5             727064      2.38%     94.42% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::6             489599      1.60%     96.02% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::7             769010      2.52%     98.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::8             446445      1.46%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       30534688                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                 635093     85.31%     85.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0      0.00%     85.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%     85.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0      0.00%     85.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%     85.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%     85.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0      0.00%     85.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0      0.00%     85.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%     85.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0      0.00%     85.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%     85.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%     85.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%     85.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%     85.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%     85.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%     85.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%     85.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%     85.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%     85.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%     85.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%     85.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%     85.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%     85.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%     85.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%     85.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%     85.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%     85.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%     85.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%     85.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%     85.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemRead                 24287      3.26%     88.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                85074     11.43%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass              151      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu             18604052     80.13%     80.13% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                   0      0.00%     80.13% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0      0.00%     80.13% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0      0.00%     80.13% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     80.13% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     80.13% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     80.13% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     80.13% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0      0.00%     80.13% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0      0.00%     80.13% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     80.13% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     80.13% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     80.13% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     80.13% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     80.13% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     80.13% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0      0.00%     80.13% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     80.13% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     80.13% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     80.13% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     80.13% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     80.13% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     80.13% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     80.13% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     80.13% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     80.13% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     80.13% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0      0.00%     80.13% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     80.13% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.13% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     80.13% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead             2774537     11.95%     92.08% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite            1838248      7.92%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite             0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::total              23216988                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.rate                          0.760348                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_cnt                     744454                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.032065                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_reads          77713338                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_writes         23236002                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     23216448                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                  0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.int_alu_accesses              23961291                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads          762148                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads         1621                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            5                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           20                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1369                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked           19                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu0.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu0.iew.iewSquashCycles                   197                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu0.iew.iewBlockCycles               19946406                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewUnblockCycles               127086                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispatchedInsts           23221471                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts               10                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispLoadInsts              2774849                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispStoreInsts             1838759                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                 6                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewIQFullEvents                 77614                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                    0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.memOrderViolationEvents            20                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu0.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect           153                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect           29                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.branchMispredicts                 182                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecutedInsts             23216729                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecLoadInsts              2774467                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts              259                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu0.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_refs                     4612665                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_branches                 2725200                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_stores                   1838198                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_rate                    0.760339                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu0.iew.wb_sent                      23216543                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu0.iew.wb_count                     23216448                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu0.iew.wb_producers                 16979228                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_consumers                 30469520                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_rate                      0.760330                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu0.iew.wb_fanout                    0.557253                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu0.commit.commitSquashedInsts          14511                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu0.commit.commitNonSpecStalls              3                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu0.commit.branchMispredicts              177                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     30532719                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.760070                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     2.199587                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     26743434     87.59%     87.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       254362      0.83%     88.42% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       193636      0.63%     89.06% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       456291      1.49%     90.55% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       257359      0.84%     91.39% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        54109      0.18%     91.57% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       212711      0.70%     92.27% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       266272      0.87%     93.14% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2094545      6.86%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     30532719                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committedInsts            11234859                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.commit.committedOps              23207018                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu0.commit.refs                       4610617                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu0.commit.loads                      2773225                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu0.commit.membars                          2                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu0.commit.branches                   2724531                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu0.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.fp_insts                         0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.int_insts                 23206945                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.function_calls              187124                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass           71      0.00%      0.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu        18596330     80.13%     80.13% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntMult              0      0.00%     80.13% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv               0      0.00%     80.13% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd             0      0.00%     80.13% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     80.13% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     80.13% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     80.13% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.13% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     80.13% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0      0.00%     80.13% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     80.13% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     80.13% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     80.13% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     80.13% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     80.13% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     80.13% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     80.13% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0      0.00%     80.13% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.13% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     80.13% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     80.13% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     80.13% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     80.13% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     80.13% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     80.13% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     80.13% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     80.13% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     80.13% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     80.13% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.13% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     80.13% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemRead        2773225     11.95%     92.08% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite       1837392      7.92%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::total         23207018                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.bw_lim_events              2094545                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu0.rob.rob_reads                    51659703                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu0.rob.rob_writes                   46444970                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu0.committedInsts                   11234859                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu0.committedOps                     23207018                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu0.cpi                              2.717852                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu0.cpi_total                        2.717852                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu0.ipc                              0.367938                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu0.ipc_total                        0.367938                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_reads                34874511                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_writes               18652903                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_reads                 15311916                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_writes                 7052258                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu0.misc_regfile_reads               10157719                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements           224044                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                1024                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs            7421580                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           224044                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs            33.125547                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data         1024                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          126                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          897                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         15622460                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses        15622460                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data      1585430                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        1585430                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.data      1837391                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       1837391                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu0.data      3422821                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total         3422821                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu0.data      3422821                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total        3422821                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data       426782                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       426782                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu0.data            1                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            1                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu0.data       426783                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total        426783                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu0.data       426783                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total       426783                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  37340387500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  37340387500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data        95500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total        95500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  37340483000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  37340483000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  37340483000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  37340483000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data      2012212                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      2012212                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.data      1837392                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      1837392                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu0.data      3849604                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total      3849604                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu0.data      3849604                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total      3849604                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.212096                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.212096                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.000001                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000001                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.110864                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.110864                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.110864                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.110864                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 87492.882783                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 87492.882783                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data        95500                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total        95500                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 87492.901545                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 87492.901545                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 87492.901545                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 87492.901545                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs         2453                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               20                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs   122.650000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       155555                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total           155555                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       202739                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       202739                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       202739                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       202739                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       202739                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       202739                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       224043                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       224043                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data            1                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            1                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       224044                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       224044                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       224044                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       224044                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  21250284000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  21250284000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data        94500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        94500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  21250378500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  21250378500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  21250378500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  21250378500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.111342                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.111342                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.000001                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000001                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.058199                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.058199                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.058199                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.058199                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 94849.131640                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 94849.131640                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data        94500                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        94500                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 94849.130082                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 94849.130082                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 94849.130082                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 94849.130082                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse                1023                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst         1023                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.999023                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999023                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1023                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         1023                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.999023                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses          6593400                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses         6593400                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst      1648350                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        1648350                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu0.inst      1648350                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total         1648350                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu0.inst      1648350                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total        1648350                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst      1648350                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1648350                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst      1648350                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total      1648350                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst      1648350                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total      1648350                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.branchPred.lookups                      0                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.condPredicted                0                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu1.branchPred.condIncorrect                0                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBLookups                   0                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHitPct                  nan                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu1.branchPred.usedRAS                      0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu1.branchPred.RASInCorrect                 0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectLookups              0                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectHits                 0                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectMisses               0                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu1.branchPredindirectMispredicted            0                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu1.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::samples                 0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::mean                  nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::stdev                 nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::0                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::1                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::2                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::3                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::4                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::5                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::6                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::7                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::8                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::max_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::total                   0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.idleRate                        nan                       # Percent of cycles fetch was idle
system.cpu1.fetch.branchRate                      nan                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.fetch.rate                            nan                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.rename.serializeStallCycles             0                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu1.rename.serializingInsts                 0                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.tempSerializingInsts             0                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.skidInsts                        0                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedLoads                   0                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedStores                  0                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingLoads                0                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingStores               0                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean             nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev            nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::0                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::1                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::2                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::3                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::4                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::5                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::6                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::7                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::8                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::total              0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemRead                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::total                     0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.rate                               nan                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_cnt                          0                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_rate                       nan                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                  0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads               0                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads            0                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            0                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores            0                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu1.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu1.iew.iewSquashCycles                     0                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu1.iew.iewBlockCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewUnblockCycles                    0                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispatchedInsts                  0                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispStoreInsts                   0                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                 0                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewIQFullEvents                     0                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                    0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             0                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu1.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect             0                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect            0                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.branchMispredicts                   0                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecutedInsts                    0                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu1.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_refs                           0                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_branches                       0                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_stores                         0                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_rate                         nan                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu1.iew.wb_sent                             0                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu1.iew.wb_count                            0                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu1.iew.wb_producers                        0                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_consumers                        0                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_rate                           nan                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu1.iew.wb_fanout                         nan                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::0            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::1            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::2            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::3            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::4            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::5            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::6            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::7            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::8            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::total            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committedInsts                   0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.commit.committedOps                     0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu1.commit.refs                             0                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu1.commit.loads                            0                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu1.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu1.commit.branches                         0                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu1.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.fp_insts                         0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.int_insts                        0                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.function_calls                   0                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntMult              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemRead              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::total                0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.bw_lim_events                    0                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu1.rob.rob_reads                           0                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu1.rob.rob_writes                          0                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu1.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu1.committedOps                            0                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu1.cpi                                   nan                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu1.cpi_total                             nan                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu1.ipc                                   nan                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu1.ipc_total                             nan                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.replacements                    216663                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                        16384                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                      232775                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                    216663                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      1.074364                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks        0.397314                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data     16383.602686                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.000024                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data        0.999976                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total                   1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         16384                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          126                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1         1183                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2        11814                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         3261                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                   3801367                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                  3801367                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks       155555                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total           155555                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu0.data          7385                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total              7385                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.data                 7385                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                     7385                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.data                7385                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                    7385                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0.data               1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                   1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu0.data       216658                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total          216658                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.data             216659                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                 216659                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.data            216659                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                216659                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data        93000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total         93000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  20826026500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total  20826026500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  20826119500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total      20826119500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  20826119500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total     20826119500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks       155555                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       155555                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0.data             1                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total                 1                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu0.data       224043                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total        224043                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.data           224044                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total               224044                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.data          224044                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total              224044                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total                1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.967038                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.967038                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data        0.967038                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.967038                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data       0.967038                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.967038                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data        93000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total        93000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 96123.967266                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 96123.967266                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 96123.952848                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 96123.952848                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 96123.952848                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 96123.952848                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks               147123                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                    147123                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::writebacks            4                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::total             4                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total              1                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       216658                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total       216658                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        216659                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total            216659                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       216659                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total           216659                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data        83000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        83000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  18659456500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  18659456500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  18659539500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  18659539500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  18659539500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  18659539500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::writebacks          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.967038                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.967038                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.967038                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.967038                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.967038                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.967038                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data        83000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        83000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 86124.013422                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 86124.013422                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 86123.999003                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 86123.999003                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 86123.999003                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 86123.999003                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests        433326                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       216667                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             216657                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       147124                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict            69543                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq                 1                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp                1                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        216658                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       649984                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total       649984                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 649984                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     23282048                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total     23282048                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                23282048                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples            216659                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                  216659    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total              216659                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer4.occupancy          1039347500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer4.utilization               6.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy         1140165750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              7.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests       448088                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       224044                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            2                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops              3                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            3                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp            224043                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       302678                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict          138029                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq                1                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp               1                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       224043                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       672132                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total                672132                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     24294336                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total               24294336                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                          216663                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                   9415872                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples           440707                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.000011                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.003368                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                 440702    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                      5      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::5                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::6                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::7                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::8                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total             440707                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy          379599000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              2.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy         336066000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             2.2                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
