
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.015267                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 15267344125                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               3053468825000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                              106656295                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                197452489                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              295347925                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1248940                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                    51.69                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  5513354512                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   10206858999                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.inst            192                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.data       11710784                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total           11710976                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu0.inst          192                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total           192                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks        64960                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total           64960                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.inst               3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.data          182981                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total              182984                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks          1015                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total               1015                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.inst             12576                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.data         767047884                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total             767060460                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu0.inst        12576                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total            12576                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks         4254833                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total              4254833                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks         4254833                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.inst            12576                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.data        767047884                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total            771315293                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                      182984                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                       1015                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                    182984                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                     1015                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM               11702272                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                    8704                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                   65664                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                11710976                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys                64960                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                    136                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0             11154                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1             10849                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2             10604                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3             11910                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4             12480                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5             12077                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6             11814                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7             11141                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8             11282                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9             11162                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10            11235                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11            11516                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12            11615                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13            11565                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14            11328                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15            11116                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0               228                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1               126                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2                63                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3               239                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4                24                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8                 1                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12                6                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13               83                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14              128                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15              128                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                   15268079000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                182984                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6                 1015                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                  139874                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                   40146                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                    2761                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                      67                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                     62                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                     64                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                     63                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                     63                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                     63                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                     63                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                     63                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                     63                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                     63                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                     63                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                     63                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                     63                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                     63                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                     65                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                     65                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                     64                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples        96708                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    121.677297                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   104.788867                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev    74.535280                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127        46121     47.69%     47.69% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255        41433     42.84%     90.53% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383         7907      8.18%     98.71% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511         1067      1.10%     99.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639          122      0.13%     99.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767           19      0.02%     99.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895           15      0.02%     99.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023            9      0.01%     99.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151           15      0.02%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total        96708                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples           64                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean    2897.562500                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean   2802.740354                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    765.199505                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::1536-1791            3      4.69%      4.69% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::1792-2047            9     14.06%     18.75% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::2048-2303            1      1.56%     20.31% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::2304-2559            8     12.50%     32.81% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::2560-2815            8     12.50%     45.31% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::2816-3071           12     18.75%     64.06% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::3072-3327            5      7.81%     71.88% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::3328-3583           10     15.62%     87.50% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::3584-3839            3      4.69%     92.19% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::3840-4095            1      1.56%     93.75% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::4096-4351            1      1.56%     95.31% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::4352-4607            1      1.56%     96.88% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::5120-5375            2      3.12%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total            64                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples           64                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      16.031250                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     16.029473                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev      0.250000                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16               63     98.44%     98.44% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::18                1      1.56%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total            64                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                   4543350250                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat              7971750250                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                  914240000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     24847.69                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                43597.69                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                       766.49                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                         4.30                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                    767.06                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                      4.25                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         6.02                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     5.99                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    0.03                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.30                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      25.35                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                    86305                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                     859                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 47.20                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                84.63                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                      82979.14                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    47.41                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                347218200                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                184547055                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy               657087060                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy                3549600                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         1205309040.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy           1588946250                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy             24614880                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy      5217333120                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy       106441440                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy                0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy             9335046645                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            611.438805                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime          11719229875                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE      9633750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF     509860000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    277364250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT    3028583500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  11441902625                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                343291200                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                182459805                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy               648447660                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy                1806120                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         1205309040.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy           1567282260                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy             24732000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy      5237056830                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy       107958240                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy                0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy             9318343155                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            610.344738                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime          11765225375                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE      9732000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF     509860000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    281126500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT    2981251000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  11485374625                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.branchPred.lookups                1960222                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.condPredicted          1960222                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu0.branchPred.condIncorrect           101622                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBLookups             1608028                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHitPct             0.000000                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu0.branchPred.usedRAS                  86610                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu0.branchPred.RASInCorrect             12577                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectLookups        1608028                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectHits            790664                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectMisses          817364                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu0.branchPredindirectMispredicted        42069                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb.rdAccesses                     995537                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrAccesses                     126754                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.dtb.rdMisses                       179099                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrMisses                         2016                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrAccesses                    1530686                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrMisses                         7993                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.workload.numSyscalls                    0                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.numCycles                        30534689                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.fetch.icacheStallCycles           1579504                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu0.fetch.Insts                       6163127                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu0.fetch.Branches                    1960222                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu0.fetch.predictedBranches            877274                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu0.fetch.Cycles                     28701768                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu0.fetch.SquashCycles                 208586                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu0.fetch.TlbCycles                      3413                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
system.cpu0.fetch.MiscStallCycles                1865                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu0.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles        67137                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu0.fetch.CacheLines                  1522693                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu0.fetch.IcacheSquashes                15792                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.ItlbSquashes                     11                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::samples          30457980                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::mean             0.408612                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::stdev            1.611106                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::0                28157200     92.45%     92.45% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::1                   41399      0.14%     92.58% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::2                  683217      2.24%     94.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::3                   59090      0.19%     95.02% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::4                  164949      0.54%     95.56% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::5                  112478      0.37%     95.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::6                  116871      0.38%     96.31% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::7                   45212      0.15%     96.46% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::8                 1077564      3.54%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::total            30457980                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.branchRate                 0.064197                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.fetch.rate                       0.201840                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.decode.IdleCycles                  862264                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu0.decode.BlockedCycles             27914195                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu0.decode.RunCycles                  1210282                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu0.decode.UnblockCycles               366946                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu0.decode.SquashCycles                104293                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu0.decode.DecodedInsts              10427640                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu0.rename.SquashCycles                104293                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu0.rename.IdleCycles                  992640                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu0.rename.BlockCycles               26507768                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu0.rename.serializeStallCycles         34551                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu0.rename.RunCycles                  1362555                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu0.rename.UnblockCycles              1456173                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedInsts               9950981                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu0.rename.ROBFullEvents                98660                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu0.rename.IQFullEvents               1114473                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu0.rename.LQFullEvents                264130                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu0.rename.SQFullEvents                  2324                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedOperands           11832704                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu0.rename.RenameLookups             27092111                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu0.rename.int_rename_lookups        13542983                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.fp_rename_lookups            89414                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.CommittedMaps              4316711                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu0.rename.UndoneMaps                 7515992                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu0.rename.serializingInsts               454                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.tempSerializingInsts           568                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.skidInsts                  2221874                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedLoads             1633201                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedStores             182015                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingLoads             8127                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingStores            8925                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsAdded                   9291288                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu0.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded              10109                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsIssued                  6914928                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued            12725                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined        5719820                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     10859765                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         10109                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     30457980                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        0.227032                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       0.899859                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::0           27830296     91.37%     91.37% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::1             962774      3.16%     94.53% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::2             534692      1.76%     96.29% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::3             374446      1.23%     97.52% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::4             372603      1.22%     98.74% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::5             160684      0.53%     99.27% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::6             129011      0.42%     99.69% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::7              56258      0.18%     99.88% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::8              37216      0.12%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       30457980                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                  25403     71.93%     71.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0      0.00%     71.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%     71.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                 2617      7.41%     79.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%     79.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%     79.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0      0.00%     79.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0      0.00%     79.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%     79.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0      0.00%     79.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%     79.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%     79.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%     79.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%     79.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%     79.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%     79.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%     79.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%     79.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%     79.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%     79.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%     79.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%     79.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%     79.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%     79.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%     79.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%     79.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%     79.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%     79.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%     79.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%     79.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemRead                  6277     17.77%     97.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                  569      1.61%     98.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead              412      1.17%     99.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite              38      0.11%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            34184      0.49%      0.49% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu              5630757     81.43%     81.92% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                3056      0.04%     81.97% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                25867      0.37%     82.34% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd              32956      0.48%     82.82% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     82.82% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     82.82% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     82.82% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     82.82% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0      0.00%     82.82% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0      0.00%     82.82% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     82.82% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     82.82% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     82.82% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     82.82% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     82.82% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     82.82% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0      0.00%     82.82% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     82.82% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     82.82% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     82.82% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     82.82% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     82.82% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     82.82% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     82.82% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     82.82% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     82.82% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     82.82% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0      0.00%     82.82% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     82.82% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     82.82% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     82.82% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead             1044503     15.11%     97.92% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite             135997      1.97%     99.89% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead           7511      0.11%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite            97      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::total               6914928                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.rate                          0.226461                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_cnt                      35316                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.005107                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_reads          44251221                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_writes         14946390                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      6568983                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads              84658                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes             74828                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses        36480                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.int_alu_accesses               6872425                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_alu_accesses                  43635                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads           11576                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      1025933                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          407                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            6                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       107157                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           89                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked         1223                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu0.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu0.iew.iewSquashCycles                104293                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu0.iew.iewBlockCycles               23859573                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewUnblockCycles               289391                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispatchedInsts            9301397                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts             7059                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispLoadInsts              1633201                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispStoreInsts              182015                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts              3661                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewIQFullEvents                 22179                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                74369                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             6                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu0.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         49750                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        70216                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.branchMispredicts              119966                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecutedInsts              6751456                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecLoadInsts               994950                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts           163474                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu0.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_refs                     1121663                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_branches                  787602                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_stores                    126713                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_rate                    0.221108                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu0.iew.wb_sent                       6638726                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu0.iew.wb_count                      6605463                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu0.iew.wb_producers                  4848272                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_consumers                  7907647                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_rate                      0.216327                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu0.iew.wb_fanout                    0.613112                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu0.commit.commitSquashedInsts        5720750                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu0.commit.branchMispredicts           104292                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     29625366                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.120896                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     0.678329                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     28198964     95.19%     95.19% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       613520      2.07%     97.26% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       172140      0.58%     97.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       401641      1.36%     99.19% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        78174      0.26%     99.46% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        48262      0.16%     99.62% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        13425      0.05%     99.67% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         9621      0.03%     99.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        89619      0.30%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     29625366                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committedInsts             1796162                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.commit.committedOps               3581578                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu0.commit.refs                        682126                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu0.commit.loads                       607268                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu0.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu0.commit.branches                    585832                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu0.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.fp_insts                     29966                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.int_insts                  3551183                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.function_calls               13225                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass         9121      0.25%      0.25% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu         2841981     79.35%     79.60% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntMult            529      0.01%     79.62% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv           22201      0.62%     80.24% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd         25620      0.72%     80.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     80.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     80.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     80.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     80.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0      0.00%     80.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     80.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     80.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     80.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     80.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     80.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     80.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     80.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0      0.00%     80.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     80.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     80.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     80.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     80.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     80.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     80.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     80.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     80.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     80.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     80.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     80.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemRead         602922     16.83%     97.79% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite         74858      2.09%     99.88% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead         4346      0.12%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::total          3581578                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.bw_lim_events                89619                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu0.rob.rob_reads                    38838075                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu0.rob.rob_writes                   19440923                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu0.timesIdled                            576                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu0.idleCycles                          76709                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu0.committedInsts                    1796162                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu0.committedOps                      3581578                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu0.cpi                             16.999964                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu0.cpi_total                       16.999964                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu0.ipc                              0.058824                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu0.ipc_total                        0.058824                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_reads                 7402466                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_writes                5713868                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_reads                    64203                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_writes                   32093                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_reads                  4098356                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_writes                 1909114                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu0.misc_regfile_reads                3349417                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements           277491                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                1024                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs             538971                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           277491                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs             1.942301                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data         1024                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          518                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          495                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            9                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses          4482547                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses         4482547                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data       482206                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         482206                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.data        73687                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         73687                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu0.data       555893                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total          555893                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu0.data       555893                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total         555893                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data       494200                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       494200                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu0.data         1171                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         1171                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu0.data       495371                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total        495371                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu0.data       495371                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total       495371                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  34234126000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  34234126000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data     79731500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     79731500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  34313857500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  34313857500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  34313857500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  34313857500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data       976406                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       976406                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.data        74858                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        74858                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu0.data      1051264                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1051264                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu0.data      1051264                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1051264                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.506142                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.506142                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.015643                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.015643                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.471215                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.471215                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.471215                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.471215                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 69271.804937                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 69271.804937                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 68088.385995                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 68088.385995                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 69269.007471                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 69269.007471                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 69269.007471                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 69269.007471                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs        28688                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs             1008                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    28.460317                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         2841                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total             2841                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       217868                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       217868                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data           11                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       217879                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       217879                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       217879                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       217879                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       276332                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       276332                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         1160                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         1160                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       277492                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       277492                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       277492                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       277492                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  18779400500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  18779400500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     77307000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     77307000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  18856707500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  18856707500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  18856707500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  18856707500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.283009                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.283009                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.015496                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.015496                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.263960                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.263960                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.263960                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.263960                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 67959.557706                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 67959.557706                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 66643.965517                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 66643.965517                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 67954.058135                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 67954.058135                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 67954.058135                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 67954.058135                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements                3                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse                1021                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs                104                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs                3                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs            34.666667                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst         1021                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.997070                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.997070                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1021                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         1019                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.997070                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses          6090775                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses         6090775                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst      1522689                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        1522689                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu0.inst      1522689                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total         1522689                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu0.inst      1522689                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total        1522689                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.inst            4                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total            4                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::cpu0.inst            4                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total             4                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::cpu0.inst            4                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total            4                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       409500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total       409500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       409500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::total       409500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       409500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::total       409500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst      1522693                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1522693                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst      1522693                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total      1522693                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst      1522693                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total      1522693                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000003                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000003                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000003                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       102375                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total       102375                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       102375                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total       102375                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       102375                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total       102375                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::writebacks            3                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::total                3                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst            3                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst            3                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst            3                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       304500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       304500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       304500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total       304500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       304500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total       304500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000002                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000002                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000002                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000002                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000002                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000002                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       101500                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       101500                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       101500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       101500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       101500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       101500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.branchPred.lookups                      0                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.condPredicted                0                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu1.branchPred.condIncorrect                0                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBLookups                   0                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHitPct                  nan                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu1.branchPred.usedRAS                      0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu1.branchPred.RASInCorrect                 0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectLookups              0                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectHits                 0                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectMisses               0                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu1.branchPredindirectMispredicted            0                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu1.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::samples                 0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::mean                  nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::stdev                 nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::0                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::1                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::2                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::3                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::4                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::5                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::6                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::7                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::8                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::max_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::total                   0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.idleRate                        nan                       # Percent of cycles fetch was idle
system.cpu1.fetch.branchRate                      nan                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.fetch.rate                            nan                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.rename.serializeStallCycles             0                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu1.rename.serializingInsts                 0                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.tempSerializingInsts             0                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.skidInsts                        0                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedLoads                   0                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedStores                  0                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingLoads                0                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingStores               0                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean             nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev            nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::0                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::1                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::2                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::3                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::4                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::5                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::6                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::7                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::8                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::total              0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemRead                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::total                     0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.rate                               nan                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_cnt                          0                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_rate                       nan                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                  0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads               0                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads            0                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            0                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores            0                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu1.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu1.iew.iewSquashCycles                     0                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu1.iew.iewBlockCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewUnblockCycles                    0                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispatchedInsts                  0                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispStoreInsts                   0                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                 0                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewIQFullEvents                     0                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                    0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             0                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu1.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect             0                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect            0                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.branchMispredicts                   0                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecutedInsts                    0                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu1.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_refs                           0                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_branches                       0                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_stores                         0                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_rate                         nan                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu1.iew.wb_sent                             0                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu1.iew.wb_count                            0                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu1.iew.wb_producers                        0                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_consumers                        0                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_rate                           nan                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu1.iew.wb_fanout                         nan                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::0            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::1            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::2            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::3            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::4            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::5            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::6            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::7            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::8            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::total            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committedInsts                   0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.commit.committedOps                     0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu1.commit.refs                             0                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu1.commit.loads                            0                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu1.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu1.commit.branches                         0                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu1.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.fp_insts                         0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.int_insts                        0                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.function_calls                   0                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntMult              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemRead              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::total                0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.bw_lim_events                    0                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu1.rob.rob_reads                           0                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu1.rob.rob_writes                          0                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu1.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu1.committedOps                            0                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu1.cpi                                   nan                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu1.cpi_total                             nan                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu1.ipc                                   nan                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu1.ipc_total                             nan                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.replacements                    183005                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                        16384                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                      370184                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                    183005                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      2.022808                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks       12.276983                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst         0.222067                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data     16371.500950                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.000749                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst        0.000014                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data        0.999237                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total                   1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         16384                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           51                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          918                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         9895                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         5502                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           18                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                   4621485                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                  4621485                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks         2841                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total             2841                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks            3                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total                3                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu0.data               444                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                   444                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu0.data         94067                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total             94067                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.data                94511                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                    94511                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.data               94511                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                   94511                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0.data             717                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                 717                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu0.inst            3                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total                3                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu0.data       182264                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total          182264                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.inst                  3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.data             182981                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                 182984                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.inst                 3                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.data            182981                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                182984                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data     70806500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      70806500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       298500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total       298500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  17338676500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total  17338676500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       298500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  17409483000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total      17409781500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       298500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  17409483000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total     17409781500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks         2841                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         2841                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks            3                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total            3                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0.data          1161                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total              1161                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu0.inst            3                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total              3                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu0.data       276331                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total        276331                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst                3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.data           277492                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total               277495                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst               3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.data          277492                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total              277495                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.617571                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.617571                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.659586                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.659586                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data        0.659410                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.659414                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data       0.659410                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.659414                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 98753.835425                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 98753.835425                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        99500                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total        99500                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 95129.463306                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 95129.463306                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        99500                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 95143.665189                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 95143.736611                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        99500                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 95143.665189                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 95143.736611                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                 1015                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                      1015                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::writebacks           16                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::total            16                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data          717                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            717                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst            3                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       182264                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total       182264                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst             3                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        182981                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total            182984                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst            3                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       182981                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total           182984                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     63636500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     63636500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       268500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       268500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  15516036500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  15516036500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       268500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  15579673000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  15579941500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       268500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  15579673000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  15579941500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::writebacks          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.617571                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.617571                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.659586                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.659586                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.659410                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.659414                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.659410                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.659414                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 88753.835425                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 88753.835425                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        89500                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        89500                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 85129.463306                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 85129.463306                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        89500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 85143.665189                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 85143.736611                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        89500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 85143.665189                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 85143.736611                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests        365961                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       182983                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             182267                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         1015                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict           181962                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq               717                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp              717                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        182267                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       548945                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total       548945                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 548945                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     11775936                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total     11775936                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                11775936                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples            182984                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                  182984    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total              182984                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer4.occupancy           432391000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer4.utilization               2.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy          991830500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              6.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests       554988                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       277493                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests          366                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops             43                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops           39                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            4                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp            276333                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         3856                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean            3                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict          456639                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq             1161                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp            1161                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq             3                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       276331                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side            9                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       832473                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total                832482                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side          384                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     17941248                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total               17941632                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                          183005                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                     64960                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples           460500                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.000897                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.030223                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                 460091     99.91%     99.91% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                    405      0.09%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      4      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::5                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::6                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::7                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::8                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total             460500                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy          280338000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              1.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy              4999                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy         416236500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             2.7                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
