
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.015267                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 15267344125                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               671763141500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                               13468444                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                 25495213                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              143588205                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1219696                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                   106.33                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  1432062663                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                    2710836461                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.inst            448                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.data        9097152                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total            9097600                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu0.inst          448                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total           448                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks      5814592                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total         5814592                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.inst               7                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.data          142143                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total              142150                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks         90853                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total              90853                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.inst             29344                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.data         595856878                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total             595886221                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu0.inst        29344                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total            29344                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks       380851571                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total            380851571                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks       380851571                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.inst            29344                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.data        595856878                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total            976737793                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                      142148                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                      90853                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                    142148                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                    90853                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM                9097472                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                       0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                 5815424                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                 9097472                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys              5814592                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                      0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0              8652                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1              8595                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2              8434                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3              8633                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4              8692                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5              8308                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6              8546                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7              8839                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8              8989                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9              9542                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10             9089                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11             9215                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12             9208                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13             8966                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14             9598                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15             8842                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0              5476                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1              5485                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2              5415                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3              5561                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4              5672                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5              5407                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6              5541                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7              5653                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8              5775                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9              6007                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10             5769                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11             5852                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12             5868                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13             5695                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14             6079                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15             5611                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                   15267295500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                142148                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6                90853                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                  140037                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                    2103                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                       6                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                       2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                    149                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                    173                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                   5614                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                   5657                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                   5659                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                   5658                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                   5658                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                   5658                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                   5658                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                   5659                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                   5661                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                   5660                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                   5664                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                   5670                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                   5667                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                   5666                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                   5663                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                   5659                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples        44557                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    334.711224                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   214.050434                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev   316.044972                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127        12006     26.95%     26.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255        11623     26.09%     53.03% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383         6411     14.39%     67.42% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511         3863      8.67%     76.09% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639         2309      5.18%     81.27% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767         1531      3.44%     84.71% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895         1051      2.36%     87.07% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          835      1.87%     88.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         4928     11.06%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total        44557                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples         5659                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean      25.143135                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean     23.250394                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     22.482742                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::0-31           5389     95.23%     95.23% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::32-63           167      2.95%     98.18% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::64-95            50      0.88%     99.06% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::96-127           20      0.35%     99.42% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::128-159            8      0.14%     99.56% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::160-191            4      0.07%     99.63% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::192-223            4      0.07%     99.70% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::224-255            2      0.04%     99.73% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::256-287            4      0.07%     99.81% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::288-319            3      0.05%     99.86% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::320-351            1      0.02%     99.88% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::352-383            1      0.02%     99.89% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::416-447            2      0.04%     99.93% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::448-479            2      0.04%     99.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::512-543            1      0.02%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::544-575            1      0.02%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total          5659                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples         5659                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      16.056901                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     16.053823                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev      0.326100                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16             5486     96.94%     96.94% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::17               24      0.42%     97.37% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::18              149      2.63%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total          5659                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                   2712282250                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat              5377557250                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                  710740000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     19080.69                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                37830.69                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                       595.88                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                       380.91                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                    595.88                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                    380.85                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         7.63                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     4.66                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    2.98                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.02                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      26.09                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                   126654                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                   61805                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 89.10                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                68.03                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                      65524.59                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    80.88                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                155459220                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                 82636125                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy               490510860                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy              230776200                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         901062240.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy           1667774970                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy             58080480                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy      2270640030                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy       586559520                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy       1271801040                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy             7715599245                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            505.366171                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime          11458072250                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE     60738500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF     382132000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF   4951054750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN   1527502750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT    3366359125                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   4979557000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                162663480                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                 86457690                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy               524425860                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy              243544320                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         936711360.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy           1785275340                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy             57994560                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy      2391082170                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy       578653920                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy       1147697160                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy             7914806460                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            518.414100                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime          11198351875                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE     58383000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF     397164000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF   4450054625                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN   1506934000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT    3611122250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   5243686250                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.branchPred.lookups                3410953                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.condPredicted          3410953                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu0.branchPred.condIncorrect            59187                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBLookups             2694441                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHitPct             0.000000                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu0.branchPred.usedRAS                 461001                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu0.branchPred.RASInCorrect             54599                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectLookups        2694441                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectHits           1238890                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectMisses         1455551                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu0.branchPredindirectMispredicted          155                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb.rdAccesses                    3080261                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrAccesses                    1883049                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.dtb.rdMisses                         7767                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrMisses                            6                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrAccesses                    1413305                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.workload.numSyscalls                    0                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.numCycles                        30534689                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.fetch.icacheStallCycles           1467184                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu0.fetch.Insts                      13916940                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu0.fetch.Branches                    3410953                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu0.fetch.predictedBranches           1699891                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu0.fetch.Cycles                     29007872                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu0.fetch.SquashCycles                 118406                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu0.fetch.CacheLines                  1413305                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu0.fetch.IcacheSquashes                 1478                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::samples          30534259                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::mean             0.994861                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::stdev            2.474850                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::0                25571522     83.75%     83.75% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::1                  550007      1.80%     85.55% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::2                  156846      0.51%     86.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::3                  254347      0.83%     86.89% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::4                  329789      1.08%     87.97% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::5                  319310      1.05%     89.02% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::6                  363595      1.19%     90.21% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::7                  257419      0.84%     91.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::8                 2731424      8.95%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::total            30534259                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.branchRate                 0.111707                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.fetch.rate                       0.455775                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.decode.IdleCycles                 1234188                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu0.decode.BlockedCycles             24882962                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu0.decode.RunCycles                  3721659                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu0.decode.UnblockCycles               636247                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu0.decode.SquashCycles                 59203                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu0.decode.DecodedInsts              29551952                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu0.rename.SquashCycles                 59203                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu0.rename.IdleCycles                 1482633                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu0.rename.BlockCycles               23716462                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu0.rename.serializeStallCycles             0                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu0.rename.RunCycles                  4028449                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu0.rename.UnblockCycles              1247512                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedInsts              28983468                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu0.rename.ROBFullEvents               235746                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu0.rename.IQFullEvents                862665                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu0.rename.LQFullEvents                  2485                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu0.rename.SQFullEvents                 13764                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedOperands           31694621                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu0.rename.RenameLookups             73181668                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu0.rename.int_rename_lookups        43928454                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.CommittedMaps             27640108                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu0.rename.UndoneMaps                 4054533                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu0.rename.serializingInsts                 0                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.tempSerializingInsts             0                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.skidInsts                  3507551                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedLoads             3780170                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedStores            1914427                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingLoads             2031                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingStores           64846                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsAdded                  28636036                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu0.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded                 32                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsIssued                 26320026                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued              474                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined        3478617                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      6380730                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved            32                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     30534259                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        0.861983                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       1.858575                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::0           23987137     78.56%     78.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::1             567769      1.86%     80.42% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::2             798995      2.62%     83.03% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::3            1530478      5.01%     88.05% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::4            1161939      3.81%     91.85% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::5            1049361      3.44%     95.29% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::6             667627      2.19%     97.48% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::7             505114      1.65%     99.13% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::8             265839      0.87%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       30534259                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                 303747     99.86%     99.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0      0.00%     99.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%     99.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0      0.00%     99.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%     99.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%     99.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0      0.00%     99.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0      0.00%     99.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%     99.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0      0.00%     99.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%     99.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%     99.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%     99.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%     99.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%     99.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%     99.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%     99.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%     99.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%     99.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%     99.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%     99.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%     99.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%     99.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%     99.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%     99.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%     99.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%     99.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%     99.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%     99.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     99.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%     99.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemRead                   427      0.14%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                    0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass              160      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu             21301282     80.93%     80.93% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                   0      0.00%     80.93% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0      0.00%     80.93% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0      0.00%     80.93% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     80.93% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     80.93% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     80.93% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     80.93% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0      0.00%     80.93% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0      0.00%     80.93% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     80.93% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     80.93% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     80.93% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     80.93% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     80.93% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     80.93% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0      0.00%     80.93% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     80.93% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     80.93% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     80.93% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     80.93% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     80.93% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     80.93% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     80.93% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     80.93% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     80.93% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     80.93% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0      0.00%     80.93% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     80.93% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.93% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     80.93% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead             3133819     11.91%     92.84% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite            1884765      7.16%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite             0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::total              26320026                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.rate                          0.861971                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_cnt                     304174                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.011557                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_reads          83478956                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_writes         32114701                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     26142769                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                  0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.int_alu_accesses              26624040                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads          342315                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       870943                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           29                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           16                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        81995                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            2                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu0.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu0.iew.iewSquashCycles                 59203                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu0.iew.iewBlockCycles               17969804                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewUnblockCycles               103608                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispatchedInsts           28636068                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts              136                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispLoadInsts              3780170                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispStoreInsts             1914427                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                11                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewIQFullEvents                 39019                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                    0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.memOrderViolationEvents            16                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu0.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         54963                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         8357                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.branchMispredicts               63320                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecutedInsts             26255868                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecLoadInsts              3080261                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts            64155                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu0.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_refs                     4963310                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_branches                 3052801                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_stores                   1883049                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_rate                    0.859870                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu0.iew.wb_sent                      26200546                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu0.iew.wb_count                     26142769                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu0.iew.wb_producers                 19386669                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_consumers                 33213400                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_rate                      0.856166                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu0.iew.wb_fanout                    0.583700                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu0.commit.commitSquashedInsts        3478617                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu0.commit.branchMispredicts            59187                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     30073393                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.836534                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     2.200907                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     25392799     84.44%     84.44% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       459623      1.53%     85.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       223103      0.74%     86.71% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       934009      3.11%     89.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       385817      1.28%     91.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       282424      0.94%     92.03% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       235184      0.78%     92.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       200390      0.67%     93.48% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      1960044      6.52%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     30073393                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committedInsts            11947462                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.commit.committedOps              25157430                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu0.commit.refs                       4741681                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu0.commit.loads                      2909242                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu0.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu0.commit.branches                   3007945                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu0.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.fp_insts                         0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.int_insts                 25157362                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.function_calls              214388                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass           68      0.00%      0.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu        20415681     81.15%     81.15% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntMult              0      0.00%     81.15% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv               0      0.00%     81.15% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd             0      0.00%     81.15% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     81.15% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     81.15% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     81.15% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     81.15% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     81.15% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0      0.00%     81.15% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     81.15% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     81.15% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     81.15% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     81.15% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     81.15% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     81.15% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     81.15% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0      0.00%     81.15% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     81.15% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     81.15% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     81.15% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     81.15% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     81.15% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     81.15% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     81.15% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     81.15% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     81.15% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     81.15% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     81.15% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     81.15% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     81.15% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemRead        2909242     11.56%     92.72% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite       1832439      7.28%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::total         25157430                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.bw_lim_events              1960044                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu0.rob.rob_reads                    56749396                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu0.rob.rob_writes                   57732989                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu0.timesIdled                              5                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu0.idleCycles                            430                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu0.committedInsts                   11947462                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu0.committedOps                     25157430                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu0.cpi                              2.555747                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu0.cpi_total                        2.555747                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu0.ipc                              0.391275                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu0.ipc_total                        0.391275                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_reads                38713421                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_writes               21260245                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_reads                 16474087                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_writes                 7444588                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu0.misc_regfile_reads               11249939                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements           144456                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                1024                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs            1285255                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           144456                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs             8.897207                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data         1024                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           87                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          786                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          134                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            5                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           12                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         18408892                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses        18408892                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data      2584404                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        2584404                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.data      1831745                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       1831745                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu0.data      4416149                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total         4416149                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu0.data      4416149                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total        4416149                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data       149263                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       149263                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu0.data          697                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          697                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu0.data       149960                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total        149960                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu0.data       149960                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total       149960                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  13372326000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  13372326000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data     40092500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     40092500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  13412418500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  13412418500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  13412418500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  13412418500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data      2733667                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      2733667                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.data      1832442                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      1832442                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu0.data      4566109                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total      4566109                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu0.data      4566109                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total      4566109                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.054602                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.054602                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.000380                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000380                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.032842                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.032842                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.032842                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.032842                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 89589.020722                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 89589.020722                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 57521.520803                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 57521.520803                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 89439.973993                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 89439.973993                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 89439.973993                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 89439.973993                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          299                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                3                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    99.666667                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       102685                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total           102685                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data         5496                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         5496                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data           10                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.data         5506                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         5506                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.data         5506                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         5506                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       143767                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       143767                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data          687                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          687                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       144454                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       144454                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       144454                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       144454                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  12855562000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  12855562000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     37025500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     37025500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  12892587500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  12892587500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  12892587500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  12892587500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.052591                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.052591                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.000375                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000375                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.031636                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.031636                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.031636                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.031636                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 89419.421703                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 89419.421703                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 53894.468705                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 53894.468705                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 89250.470738                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 89250.470738                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 89250.470738                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 89250.470738                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements                7                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse         1023.135495                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs            4130473                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs                7                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs         590067.571429                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst  1023.135495                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.999156                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999156                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1023                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         1023                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.999023                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses          5653227                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses         5653227                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst      1413294                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        1413294                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu0.inst      1413294                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total         1413294                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu0.inst      1413294                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total        1413294                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.inst           11                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           11                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::cpu0.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total            11                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::cpu0.inst           11                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total           11                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       853500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total       853500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       853500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::total       853500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       853500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::total       853500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst      1413305                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1413305                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst      1413305                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total      1413305                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst      1413305                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total      1413305                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000008                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000008                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000008                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000008                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000008                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000008                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 77590.909091                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 77590.909091                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 77590.909091                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 77590.909091                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 77590.909091                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 77590.909091                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::writebacks            7                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::total                7                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst            4                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            4                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst            4                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            4                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst            4                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            4                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst            7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst            7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total            7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst            7                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total            7                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       601500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       601500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       601500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total       601500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       601500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total       601500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 85928.571429                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 85928.571429                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 85928.571429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 85928.571429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 85928.571429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 85928.571429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.branchPred.lookups                      0                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.condPredicted                0                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu1.branchPred.condIncorrect                0                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBLookups                   0                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHitPct                  nan                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu1.branchPred.usedRAS                      0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu1.branchPred.RASInCorrect                 0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectLookups              0                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectHits                 0                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectMisses               0                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu1.branchPredindirectMispredicted            0                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu1.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::samples                 0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::mean                  nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::stdev                 nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::0                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::1                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::2                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::3                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::4                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::5                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::6                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::7                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::8                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::max_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::total                   0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.idleRate                        nan                       # Percent of cycles fetch was idle
system.cpu1.fetch.branchRate                      nan                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.fetch.rate                            nan                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.rename.serializeStallCycles             0                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu1.rename.serializingInsts                 0                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.tempSerializingInsts             0                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.skidInsts                        0                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedLoads                   0                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedStores                  0                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingLoads                0                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingStores               0                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean             nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev            nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::0                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::1                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::2                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::3                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::4                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::5                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::6                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::7                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::8                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::total              0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemRead                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::total                     0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.rate                               nan                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_cnt                          0                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_rate                       nan                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                  0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads               0                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads            0                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            0                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores            0                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu1.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu1.iew.iewSquashCycles                     0                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu1.iew.iewBlockCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewUnblockCycles                    0                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispatchedInsts                  0                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispStoreInsts                   0                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                 0                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewIQFullEvents                     0                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                    0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             0                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu1.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect             0                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect            0                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.branchMispredicts                   0                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecutedInsts                    0                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu1.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_refs                           0                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_branches                       0                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_stores                         0                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_rate                         nan                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu1.iew.wb_sent                             0                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu1.iew.wb_count                            0                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu1.iew.wb_producers                        0                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_consumers                        0                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_rate                           nan                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu1.iew.wb_fanout                         nan                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::0            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::1            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::2            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::3            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::4            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::5            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::6            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::7            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::8            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::total            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committedInsts                   0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.commit.committedOps                     0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu1.commit.refs                             0                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu1.commit.loads                            0                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu1.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu1.commit.branches                         0                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu1.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.fp_insts                         0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.int_insts                        0                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.function_calls                   0                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntMult              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemRead              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::total                0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.bw_lim_events                    0                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu1.rob.rob_reads                           0                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu1.rob.rob_writes                          0                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu1.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu1.committedOps                            0                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu1.cpi                                   nan                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu1.cpi_total                             nan                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu1.ipc                                   nan                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu1.ipc_total                             nan                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.replacements                    142173                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                        16384                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                      144898                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                    142173                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      1.019167                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks        3.963879                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst         0.638087                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data     16379.398034                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.000242                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst        0.000039                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data        0.999719                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total                   1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         16384                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           86                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          793                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         7972                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         7522                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           11                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                   2453565                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                  2453565                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks       102685                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total           102685                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks            7                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total                7                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu0.data               344                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                   344                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu0.data          1969                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total              1969                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.data                 2313                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                     2313                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.data                2313                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                    2313                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0.data             351                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                 351                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu0.inst            7                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total                7                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu0.data       141790                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total          141790                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.inst                  7                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.data             142141                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                 142148                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.inst                 7                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.data            142141                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                142148                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data     34668500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      34668500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       590000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total       590000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  12616929500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total  12616929500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       590000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  12651598000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total      12652188000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       590000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  12651598000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total     12652188000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks       102685                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       102685                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks            7                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total            7                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0.data           695                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total               695                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu0.inst            7                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total              7                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu0.data       143759                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total        143759                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst                7                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.data           144454                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total               144461                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst               7                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.data          144454                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total              144461                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.505036                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.505036                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.986303                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.986303                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data        0.983988                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.983989                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data       0.983988                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.983989                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 98770.655271                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 98770.655271                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 84285.714286                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total 84285.714286                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 88983.211087                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 88983.211087                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 84285.714286                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 89007.379996                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 89007.147480                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 84285.714286                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 89007.379996                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 89007.147480                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                90853                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                     90853                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data          351                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            351                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst            7                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total            7                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       141790                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total       141790                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst             7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        142141                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total            142148                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst            7                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       142141                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total           142148                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     31148500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     31148500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       520000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       520000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  11199019500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  11199019500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       520000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  11230168000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  11230688000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       520000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  11230168000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  11230688000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.505036                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.505036                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.986303                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.986303                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.983988                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.983989                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.983988                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.983989                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 88742.165242                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 88742.165242                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 74285.714286                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 74285.714286                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 78983.140560                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 78983.140560                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 74285.714286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 79007.239291                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 79007.006782                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 74285.714286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 79007.239291                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 79007.006782                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests        284283                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       142136                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             141798                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        90853                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict            51282                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq               351                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp              352                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        141797                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       426433                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total       426433                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 426433                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     14912192                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total     14912192                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                14912192                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples            142148                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                  142148    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total              142148                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer4.occupancy           704565500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer4.utilization               4.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy          749730500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              4.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests       288924                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       144464                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            8                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops             40                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops           40                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp            143767                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       193538                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean            7                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict           93091                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq              695                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp             696                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq             7                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       143759                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side           21                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       433366                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total                433387                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side          896                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     15817024                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total               15817920                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                          142173                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                   5814592                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples           286634                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.000171                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.013074                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                 286585     99.98%     99.98% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                     49      0.02%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::5                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::6                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::7                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::8                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total             286634                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy          247154000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              1.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy             10500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy         216684000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             1.4                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
