
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.015267                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 15267344125                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               4076380881375                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                               72028381                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                133532106                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              195889643                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1248940                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                    77.94                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  5613781270                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   10407289389                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.data       12418880                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total           12418880                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks        38400                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total           38400                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.data          194045                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total              194045                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks           600                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total                600                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.data         813427660                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total             813427660                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks         2515172                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total              2515172                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks         2515172                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.data        813427660                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total            815942832                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                      194044                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                        600                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                    194044                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                      600                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM               12414080                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                    4736                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                   38912                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                12418816                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys                38400                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                     74                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0             11990                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1             11801                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2             11695                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3             12367                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4             12708                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5             12370                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6             12303                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7             12115                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8             12055                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9             11940                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10            12107                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11            12167                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12            11953                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13            12212                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14            11834                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15            12353                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0               128                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1               127                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2                14                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3               174                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4                20                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8                31                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12               16                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15               98                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                   15267347000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                194044                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6                  600                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                  145259                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                   45173                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                    3479                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                      59                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                     38                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                     37                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                     37                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                     37                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                     37                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                     37                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                     37                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                     37                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                     37                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                     38                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                     38                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                     38                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                     38                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                     38                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                     38                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                     38                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples        96892                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    128.522479                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   110.405363                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev    77.466862                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127        41758     43.10%     43.10% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255        44236     45.65%     88.75% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383         9414      9.72%     98.47% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511         1265      1.31%     99.77% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639          172      0.18%     99.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767           17      0.02%     99.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895           15      0.02%     99.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023            4      0.00%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151           11      0.01%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total        96892                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples           38                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean    5167.631579                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean   5040.498412                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev   1163.069318                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::2816-3071            1      2.63%      2.63% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::3072-3327            1      2.63%      5.26% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::3328-3583            1      2.63%      7.89% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::3584-3839            1      2.63%     10.53% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::3840-4095            2      5.26%     15.79% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::4096-4351            3      7.89%     23.68% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::4352-4607            4     10.53%     34.21% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::4608-4863            2      5.26%     39.47% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::4864-5119            5     13.16%     52.63% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::5120-5375            3      7.89%     60.53% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::5376-5631            3      7.89%     68.42% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::5632-5887            3      7.89%     76.32% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::5888-6143            1      2.63%     78.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::6144-6399            2      5.26%     84.21% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::6400-6655            2      5.26%     89.47% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::6656-6911            1      2.63%     92.11% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::6912-7167            1      2.63%     94.74% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::7680-7935            2      5.26%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total            38                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples           38                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean             16                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     16.000000                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16               38    100.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total            38                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                   4714144250                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat              8351081750                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                  969850000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     24303.47                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                43053.47                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                       813.11                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                         2.55                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                    813.42                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                      2.52                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         6.37                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     6.35                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    0.02                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.33                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      25.20                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                    97165                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                     523                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 50.09                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                87.17                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                      78437.29                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    50.21                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                346311420                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                184072680                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy               695086140                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy                2416860                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         1205309040.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy           1623991560                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy             24568800                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy      5196574860                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy        94456800                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy                0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy             9372788160                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            613.910847                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime          11640239250                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE      9678000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF     509860000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    245656250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT    3106800750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  11395349125                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                345483180                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                183632460                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy               689866800                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy                 756900                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         1205309040.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy           1612753440                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy             24630720                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy      5196131970                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy       104231520                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy                0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy             9362796030                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            613.256369                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime          11666888250                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE      9828000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF     509860000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    271418250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT    3080767875                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  11395470000                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.branchPred.lookups                1863584                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.condPredicted          1863584                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu0.branchPred.condIncorrect            94517                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBLookups             1526906                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHitPct             0.000000                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu0.branchPred.usedRAS                  75908                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu0.branchPred.RASInCorrect             12458                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectLookups        1526906                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectHits            746185                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectMisses          780721                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu0.branchPredindirectMispredicted        33480                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb.rdAccesses                     891702                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrAccesses                      81469                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.dtb.rdMisses                       153591                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrMisses                         1326                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrAccesses                    1451877                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrMisses                        10743                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.workload.numSyscalls                    0                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.numCycles                        30534688                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.fetch.icacheStallCycles           1493564                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu0.fetch.Insts                       5674353                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu0.fetch.Branches                    1863584                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu0.fetch.predictedBranches            822093                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu0.fetch.Cycles                     28736585                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu0.fetch.SquashCycles                 196174                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu0.fetch.TlbCycles                      4189                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
system.cpu0.fetch.MiscStallCycles                2408                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu0.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles        93736                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu0.fetch.CacheLines                  1441134                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu0.fetch.IcacheSquashes                11768                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.ItlbSquashes                     20                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::samples          30428569                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::mean             0.377021                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::stdev            1.550179                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::0                28292700     92.98%     92.98% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::1                   31678      0.10%     93.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::2                  672275      2.21%     95.29% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::3                   42528      0.14%     95.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::4                  149721      0.49%     95.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::5                  105619      0.35%     96.27% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::6                   96347      0.32%     96.59% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::7                   38277      0.13%     96.72% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::8                  999424      3.28%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::total            30428569                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.branchRate                 0.061032                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.fetch.rate                       0.185833                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.decode.IdleCycles                  800253                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu0.decode.BlockedCycles             28108756                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu0.decode.RunCycles                  1088522                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu0.decode.UnblockCycles               332951                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu0.decode.SquashCycles                 98087                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu0.decode.DecodedInsts               9321569                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu0.rename.SquashCycles                 98087                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu0.rename.IdleCycles                  913914                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu0.rename.BlockCycles               26637354                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu0.rename.serializeStallCycles         20594                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu0.rename.RunCycles                  1225393                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu0.rename.UnblockCycles              1533227                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedInsts               8882803                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu0.rename.ROBFullEvents               131121                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu0.rename.IQFullEvents               1037914                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu0.rename.LQFullEvents                454164                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu0.rename.SQFullEvents                   374                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedOperands           10557548                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu0.rename.RenameLookups             24345516                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu0.rename.int_rename_lookups        11903332                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.fp_rename_lookups            54967                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.CommittedMaps              3307511                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu0.rename.UndoneMaps                 7250167                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu0.rename.serializingInsts               396                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.tempSerializingInsts           491                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.skidInsts                  2092710                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedLoads             1549811                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedStores             118995                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingLoads             6840                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingStores            7685                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsAdded                   8346199                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu0.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded               6886                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsIssued                  5993438                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued             8055                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined        5594492                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     10819963                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          6886                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     30428569                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        0.196967                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       0.828284                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::0           28098947     92.34%     92.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::1             867841      2.85%     95.20% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::2             477146      1.57%     96.76% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::3             330150      1.09%     97.85% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::4             356662      1.17%     99.02% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::5             126053      0.41%     99.44% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::6             105242      0.35%     99.78% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::7              39734      0.13%     99.91% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::8              26794      0.09%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       30428569                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                  15719     67.54%     67.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0      0.00%     67.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%     67.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                 1587      6.82%     74.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%     74.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%     74.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0      0.00%     74.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0      0.00%     74.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%     74.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0      0.00%     74.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%     74.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%     74.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%     74.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%     74.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%     74.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%     74.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%     74.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%     74.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%     74.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%     74.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%     74.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%     74.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%     74.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%     74.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%     74.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%     74.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%     74.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%     74.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%     74.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     74.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%     74.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemRead                  5434     23.35%     97.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                  353      1.52%     99.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead              179      0.77%     99.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               3      0.01%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            29153      0.49%      0.49% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu              4899290     81.74%     82.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                1764      0.03%     82.26% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                14095      0.24%     82.50% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd              20067      0.33%     82.83% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     82.83% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     82.83% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     82.83% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     82.83% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0      0.00%     82.83% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0      0.00%     82.83% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     82.83% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     82.83% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     82.83% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     82.83% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     82.83% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     82.83% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0      0.00%     82.83% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     82.83% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     82.83% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     82.83% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     82.83% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     82.83% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     82.83% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     82.83% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     82.83% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     82.83% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     82.83% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0      0.00%     82.83% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     82.83% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     82.83% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     82.83% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead              937432     15.64%     98.47% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite              87865      1.47%     99.94% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead           3765      0.06%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite             7      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::total               5993438                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.rate                          0.196283                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_cnt                      23275                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.003883                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_reads          42397042                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_writes         13901065                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      5699026                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads              49733                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes             46522                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses        21592                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.int_alu_accesses               5961952                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_alu_accesses                  25608                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads            6134                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      1046302                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          230                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           10                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        78316                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           63                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked         1116                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu0.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu0.iew.iewSquashCycles                 98087                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu0.iew.iewBlockCycles               23808458                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewUnblockCycles               324708                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispatchedInsts            8353085                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts             7462                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispLoadInsts              1549811                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispStoreInsts              118995                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts              2538                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewIQFullEvents                 24558                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.iewLSQFullEvents               126644                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.memOrderViolationEvents            10                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu0.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         47950                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        61657                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.branchMispredicts              109607                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecutedInsts              5858904                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecLoadInsts               891308                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts           134534                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu0.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_refs                      972749                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_branches                  666062                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_stores                     81441                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_rate                    0.191877                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu0.iew.wb_sent                       5748211                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu0.iew.wb_count                      5720618                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu0.iew.wb_producers                  4252195                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_consumers                  6702190                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_rate                      0.187348                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu0.iew.wb_fanout                    0.634449                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu0.commit.commitSquashedInsts        5595951                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu0.commit.branchMispredicts            98081                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     29610067                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.093168                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     0.576182                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     28452213     96.09%     96.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       525305      1.77%     97.86% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       126188      0.43%     98.29% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       329722      1.11%     99.40% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        72224      0.24%     99.65% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        36779      0.12%     99.77% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         8112      0.03%     99.80% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         5802      0.02%     99.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        53722      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     29610067                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committedInsts             1381394                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.commit.committedOps               2758700                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu0.commit.refs                        544210                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu0.commit.loads                       503531                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu0.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu0.commit.branches                    478679                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu0.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.fp_insts                     16160                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.int_insts                  2742379                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.function_calls                7150                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass         4833      0.18%      0.18% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu         2183937     79.17%     79.34% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntMult            286      0.01%     79.35% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv           11610      0.42%     79.77% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd         13824      0.50%     80.27% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     80.27% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     80.27% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     80.27% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.27% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     80.27% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0      0.00%     80.27% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     80.27% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     80.27% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     80.27% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     80.27% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     80.27% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     80.27% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     80.27% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0      0.00%     80.27% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.27% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     80.27% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     80.27% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     80.27% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     80.27% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     80.27% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     80.27% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     80.27% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     80.27% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     80.27% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     80.27% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.27% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     80.27% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemRead         501195     18.17%     98.44% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite         40679      1.47%     99.92% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead         2336      0.08%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::total          2758700                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.bw_lim_events                53722                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu0.rob.rob_reads                    37910996                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu0.rob.rob_writes                   17530146                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu0.timesIdled                            832                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu0.idleCycles                         106119                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu0.committedInsts                    1381394                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu0.committedOps                      2758700                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu0.cpi                             22.104257                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu0.cpi_total                       22.104257                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu0.ipc                              0.045240                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu0.ipc_total                        0.045240                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_reads                 6055136                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_writes                4982501                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_reads                    38457                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_writes                   19212                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_reads                  3416824                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_writes                 1566140                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu0.misc_regfile_reads                2989671                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements           248864                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                1024                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs             469496                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           248864                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs             1.886557                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data         1024                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          151                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          763                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          110                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses          3930684                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses         3930684                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data       427448                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         427448                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.data        39653                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         39653                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu0.data       467101                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total          467101                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu0.data       467101                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total         467101                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data       452328                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       452328                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu0.data         1026                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         1026                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu0.data       453354                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total        453354                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu0.data       453354                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total       453354                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  35537066500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  35537066500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data     49077000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     49077000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  35586143500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  35586143500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  35586143500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  35586143500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data       879776                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       879776                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.data        40679                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        40679                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu0.data       920455                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total       920455                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu0.data       920455                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total       920455                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.514140                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.514140                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.025222                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.025222                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.492532                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.492532                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.492532                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.492532                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 78564.816903                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 78564.816903                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 47833.333333                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 47833.333333                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 78495.267495                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 78495.267495                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 78495.267495                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 78495.267495                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs        25049                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs              870                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    28.791954                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         2302                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total             2302                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       204481                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       204481                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data           10                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       204491                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       204491                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       204491                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       204491                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       247847                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       247847                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         1016                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         1016                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       248863                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       248863                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       248863                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       248863                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  19292735000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  19292735000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     47290000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     47290000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  19340025000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  19340025000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  19340025000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  19340025000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.281716                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.281716                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.024976                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.024976                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.270370                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.270370                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.270370                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.270370                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 77841.309356                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77841.309356                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 46545.275591                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 46545.275591                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 77713.541185                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77713.541185                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 77713.541185                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77713.541185                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse                1021                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst         1021                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.997070                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.997070                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1021                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         1021                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.997070                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses          5764536                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses         5764536                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst      1441134                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        1441134                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu0.inst      1441134                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total         1441134                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu0.inst      1441134                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total        1441134                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst      1441134                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1441134                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst      1441134                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total      1441134                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst      1441134                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total      1441134                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.branchPred.lookups                      0                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.condPredicted                0                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu1.branchPred.condIncorrect                0                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBLookups                   0                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHitPct                  nan                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu1.branchPred.usedRAS                      0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu1.branchPred.RASInCorrect                 0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectLookups              0                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectHits                 0                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectMisses               0                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu1.branchPredindirectMispredicted            0                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu1.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::samples                 0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::mean                  nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::stdev                 nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::0                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::1                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::2                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::3                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::4                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::5                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::6                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::7                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::8                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::max_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::total                   0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.idleRate                        nan                       # Percent of cycles fetch was idle
system.cpu1.fetch.branchRate                      nan                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.fetch.rate                            nan                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.rename.serializeStallCycles             0                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu1.rename.serializingInsts                 0                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.tempSerializingInsts             0                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.skidInsts                        0                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedLoads                   0                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedStores                  0                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingLoads                0                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingStores               0                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean             nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev            nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::0                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::1                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::2                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::3                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::4                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::5                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::6                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::7                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::8                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::total              0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemRead                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::total                     0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.rate                               nan                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_cnt                          0                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_rate                       nan                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                  0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads               0                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads            0                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            0                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores            0                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu1.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu1.iew.iewSquashCycles                     0                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu1.iew.iewBlockCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewUnblockCycles                    0                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispatchedInsts                  0                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispStoreInsts                   0                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                 0                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewIQFullEvents                     0                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                    0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             0                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu1.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect             0                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect            0                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.branchMispredicts                   0                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecutedInsts                    0                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu1.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_refs                           0                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_branches                       0                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_stores                         0                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_rate                         nan                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu1.iew.wb_sent                             0                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu1.iew.wb_count                            0                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu1.iew.wb_producers                        0                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_consumers                        0                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_rate                           nan                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu1.iew.wb_fanout                         nan                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::0            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::1            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::2            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::3            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::4            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::5            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::6            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::7            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::8            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::total            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committedInsts                   0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.commit.committedOps                     0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu1.commit.refs                             0                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu1.commit.loads                            0                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu1.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu1.commit.branches                         0                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu1.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.fp_insts                         0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.int_insts                        0                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.function_calls                   0                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntMult              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemRead              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::total                0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.bw_lim_events                    0                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu1.rob.rob_reads                           0                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu1.rob.rob_writes                          0                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu1.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu1.committedOps                            0                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu1.cpi                                   nan                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu1.cpi_total                             nan                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu1.ipc                                   nan                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu1.ipc_total                             nan                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.replacements                    194058                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                        16384                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                      301384                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                    194058                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      1.553061                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks       12.220563                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data     16371.779437                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.000746                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data        0.999254                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total                   1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         16384                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          132                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1         1174                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2        10822                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         4229                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           27                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                   4173866                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                  4173866                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks         2302                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total             2302                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu0.data               624                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                   624                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu0.data         54195                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total             54195                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.data                54819                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                    54819                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.data               54819                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                   54819                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0.data             392                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                 392                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu0.data       193652                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total          193652                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.data             194044                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                 194044                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.data            194044                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                194044                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data     38938500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      38938500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  18322120000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total  18322120000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  18361058500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total      18361058500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  18361058500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total     18361058500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks         2302                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         2302                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0.data          1016                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total              1016                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu0.data       247847                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total        247847                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.data           248863                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total               248863                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.data          248863                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total              248863                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.385827                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.385827                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.781337                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.781337                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data        0.779722                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.779722                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data       0.779722                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.779722                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 99332.908163                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 99332.908163                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 94613.636833                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 94613.636833                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 94623.170518                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 94623.170518                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 94623.170518                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 94623.170518                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                  600                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                       600                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::writebacks            3                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::total             3                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data          392                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            392                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       193652                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total       193652                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        194044                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total            194044                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       194044                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total           194044                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     35018500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     35018500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  16385590000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  16385590000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  16420608500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  16420608500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  16420608500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  16420608500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::writebacks          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.385827                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.385827                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.781337                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.781337                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.779722                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.779722                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.779722                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.779722                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 89332.908163                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 89332.908163                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 84613.585194                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84613.585194                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 84623.118983                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84623.118983                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 84623.118983                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84623.118983                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests        388081                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       194046                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             193653                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          600                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict           193437                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq               392                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp              392                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        193652                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       582126                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total       582126                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 582126                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     12457280                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total     12457280                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                12457280                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples            194044                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                  194044    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total              194044                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer4.occupancy           456926500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer4.utilization               3.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy         1048780500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              6.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests       497727                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       248864                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests          511                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops             24                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops           18                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            6                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp            247848                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         2902                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict          440020                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq             1016                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp            1016                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       247847                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       746591                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total                746591                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     16074624                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total               16074624                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                          194058                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                     38400                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples           442921                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.001221                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.035313                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                 442386     99.88%     99.88% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                    529      0.12%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      6      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::5                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::6                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::7                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::8                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total             442921                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy          251165500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              1.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy         373296000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             2.4                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
