
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.015267                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 15267344125                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               10977220425875                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                               55392295                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                103775414                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              132229307                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1248940                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                   115.46                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  6395655570                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   11982024856                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.inst            384                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.data        9648896                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total            9649280                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu0.inst          384                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total           384                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks      7092160                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total         7092160                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.inst               6                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.data          150764                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total              150770                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks        110815                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total             110815                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.inst             25152                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.data         631995711                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total             632020862                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu0.inst        25152                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total            25152                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks       464531351                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total            464531351                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks       464531351                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.inst            25152                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.data        631995711                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total           1096552214                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                      150770                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                     110815                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                    150770                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                   110815                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM                9647424                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                    1856                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                 7092480                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                 9649280                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys              7092160                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                     29                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0              9472                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1              9353                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2              9344                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3              9346                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4              9349                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5              9281                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6              9346                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7              9443                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8              9489                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9              9472                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10             9473                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11             9475                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12             9477                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13             9473                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14             9474                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15             9474                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0              6971                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1              6845                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2              6845                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3              6854                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4              6840                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5              6779                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6              6851                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7              6971                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8              7005                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9              6968                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10             6984                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11             6991                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12             6982                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13             6975                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14             6978                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15             6981                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                   15267375000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                150770                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6               110815                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                  144462                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                    6203                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                      73                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                       3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                      3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                      5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                   6578                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                   6918                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                   6917                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                   6919                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                   6919                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                   6922                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                   6925                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                   6933                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                   6931                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                   6952                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                   7060                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                   6933                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                   6940                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                   6987                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                   6937                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                   7006                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                     10                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      7                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      7                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples        26959                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    620.944100                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   434.968740                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev   382.008730                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127         3568     13.23%     13.23% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255         3923     14.55%     27.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383         1671      6.20%     33.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511         1334      4.95%     38.93% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639         1288      4.78%     43.71% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767         1513      5.61%     49.32% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895         2946     10.93%     60.25% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023         1840      6.83%     67.08% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         8876     32.92%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total        26959                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples         6925                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean      21.771697                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean     19.198652                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     36.750702                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::0-127          6920     99.93%     99.93% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::384-511            3      0.04%     99.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::512-639            1      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::2688-2815            1      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total          6925                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples         6925                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      16.002888                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     16.002716                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev      0.077830                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16             6913     99.83%     99.83% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::17                7      0.10%     99.93% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::18                2      0.03%     99.96% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::19                3      0.04%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total          6925                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                   2595358750                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat              5421752500                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                  753705000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     17217.34                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                35967.34                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                       631.90                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                       464.55                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                    632.02                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                    464.53                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         8.57                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     4.94                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    3.63                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.06                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      26.02                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                   132905                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                  101699                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 88.17                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                91.77                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                      58364.87                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    89.70                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                 94555020                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                 50264775                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy               535028760                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy              286870320                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         902906160.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy           1374264300                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy             56380800                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy      3350360250                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy       206192640                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy       1043230560                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy             7900053585                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            517.447797                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime          12106834750                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE     27905750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF     382324000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF   4222540750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    536970000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT    2750256000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   7347347625                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                 97917960                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                 52044630                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy               541261980                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy              291610080                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         919501440.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy           1411756050                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy             61236960                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy      3380135910                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy       211823040                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy       1004033760                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy             7971697050                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            522.140392                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime          11995163750                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE     38085250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF     389362000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF   4046878875                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    551602500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT    2828882500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   7412533000                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.branchPred.lookups                4253640                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.condPredicted          4253640                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu0.branchPred.condIncorrect            19658                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBLookups             3757294                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHitPct             0.000000                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu0.branchPred.usedRAS                 243849                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu0.branchPred.RASInCorrect                 3                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectLookups        3757294                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectHits           1747142                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectMisses         2010152                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu0.branchPredindirectMispredicted          500                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb.rdAccesses                    4486948                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrAccesses                    2732874                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.dtb.rdMisses                        16388                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrMisses                        13806                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrAccesses                    2432376                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.workload.numSyscalls                    0                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.numCycles                        30534688                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.fetch.icacheStallCycles           2439314                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu0.fetch.Insts                      17883086                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu0.fetch.Branches                    4253640                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu0.fetch.predictedBranches           1990991                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu0.fetch.Cycles                     28075119                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu0.fetch.SquashCycles                  39360                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu0.fetch.PendingQuiesceStallCycles          227                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending quiesce instructions
system.cpu0.fetch.CacheLines                  2432376                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu0.fetch.IcacheSquashes                10019                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::samples          30534340                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::mean             1.181629                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::stdev            2.610837                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::0                24635562     80.68%     80.68% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::1                  336356      1.10%     81.78% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::2                  226297      0.74%     82.52% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::3                  320954      1.05%     83.58% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::4                  609224      2.00%     85.57% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::5                  698497      2.29%     87.86% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::6                  530397      1.74%     89.60% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::7                  199728      0.65%     90.25% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::8                 2977325      9.75%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::total            30534340                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.branchRate                 0.139305                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.fetch.rate                       0.585665                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.decode.IdleCycles                 1606050                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu0.decode.BlockedCycles             23744387                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu0.decode.RunCycles                  4112031                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu0.decode.UnblockCycles              1052192                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu0.decode.SquashCycles                 19680                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu0.decode.DecodedInsts              35809027                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu0.rename.SquashCycles                 19680                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu0.rename.IdleCycles                 2006104                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu0.rename.BlockCycles               21673650                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu0.rename.serializeStallCycles          1761                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu0.rename.RunCycles                  4661902                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu0.rename.UnblockCycles              2171243                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedInsts              35682494                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu0.rename.ROBFullEvents               433715                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu0.rename.IQFullEvents               1412524                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu0.rename.LQFullEvents                     9                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedOperands           40169933                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu0.rename.RenameLookups             93236987                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu0.rename.int_rename_lookups        53385906                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.fp_rename_lookups              975                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.CommittedMaps             37598767                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu0.rename.UndoneMaps                 2571228                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu0.rename.serializingInsts                17                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.tempSerializingInsts            17                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.skidInsts                  5489269                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedLoads             4659655                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedStores            2830087                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingLoads           149290                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingStores           48706                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsAdded                  35432706                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu0.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded                 73                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsIssued                 34769315                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued             7035                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined        2014163                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      3040014                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved            70                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     30534340                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        1.138695                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       2.113809                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::0           21547558     70.57%     70.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::1            1386404      4.54%     75.11% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::2            1680441      5.50%     80.61% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::3            1327380      4.35%     84.96% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::4            1173047      3.84%     88.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::5            1106020      3.62%     92.42% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::6             921196      3.02%     95.44% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::7             847927      2.78%     98.22% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::8             544367      1.78%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       30534340                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                 648774     82.35%     82.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0      0.00%     82.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%     82.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0      0.00%     82.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%     82.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%     82.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0      0.00%     82.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0      0.00%     82.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%     82.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0      0.00%     82.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%     82.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%     82.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%     82.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%     82.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%     82.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%     82.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%     82.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%     82.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%     82.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%     82.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%     82.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%     82.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%     82.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%     82.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%     82.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%     82.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%     82.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%     82.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%     82.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     82.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%     82.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemRead                 86424     10.97%     93.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                52629      6.68%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass              584      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu             27524067     79.16%     79.16% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                   0      0.00%     79.16% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0      0.00%     79.16% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                376      0.00%     79.16% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     79.16% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     79.16% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     79.16% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     79.16% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0      0.00%     79.16% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0      0.00%     79.16% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     79.16% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     79.16% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     79.16% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     79.16% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     79.16% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     79.16% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0      0.00%     79.16% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     79.16% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     79.16% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     79.16% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     79.16% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     79.16% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     79.16% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     79.16% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     79.16% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     79.16% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     79.16% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0      0.00%     79.16% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     79.16% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.16% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     79.16% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead             4502468     12.95%     92.11% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite            2741820      7.89%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite             0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::total              34769315                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.rate                          1.138683                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_cnt                     787827                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.022659                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_reads         100866999                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_writes         37445719                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     34651978                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                838                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes              1252                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses          401                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.int_alu_accesses              35556139                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_alu_accesses                    419                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         1251680                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       371056                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           12                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           29                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       221438                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked           45                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu0.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu0.iew.iewSquashCycles                 19680                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu0.iew.iewBlockCycles               11859382                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewUnblockCycles               165311                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispatchedInsts           35432779                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts               19                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispLoadInsts              4659655                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispStoreInsts             2830087                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                35                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewIQFullEvents                139011                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                    0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.memOrderViolationEvents            29                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu0.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         13917                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        27586                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.branchMispredicts               41503                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecutedInsts             34718777                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecLoadInsts              4486932                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts            50543                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu0.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_refs                     7219796                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_branches                 4029417                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_stores                   2732864                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_rate                    1.137027                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu0.iew.wb_sent                      34694482                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu0.iew.wb_count                     34652379                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu0.iew.wb_producers                 25923552                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_consumers                 44829692                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_rate                      1.134853                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu0.iew.wb_fanout                    0.578267                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu0.commit.commitSquashedInsts        2014164                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu0.commit.commitNonSpecStalls              3                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu0.commit.branchMispredicts            19658                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     30269389                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     1.104042                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     2.612821                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     24905259     82.28%     82.28% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       406160      1.34%     83.62% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       355225      1.17%     84.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       576060      1.90%     86.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       211359      0.70%     87.40% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        69683      0.23%     87.63% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       229981      0.76%     88.39% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       125160      0.41%     88.80% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      3390502     11.20%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     30269389                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committedInsts            16368448                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.commit.committedOps              33418663                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu0.commit.refs                       6897249                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu0.commit.loads                      4288598                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu0.commit.membars                          2                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu0.commit.branches                   3938927                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu0.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.fp_insts                         0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.int_insts                 33418566                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.function_calls              243577                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass           95      0.00%      0.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu        26521319     79.36%     79.36% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntMult              0      0.00%     79.36% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv               0      0.00%     79.36% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd             0      0.00%     79.36% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     79.36% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     79.36% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.36% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.36% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     79.36% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0      0.00%     79.36% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.36% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     79.36% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.36% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     79.36% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     79.36% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     79.36% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     79.36% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0      0.00%     79.36% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.36% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.36% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.36% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     79.36% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.36% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.36% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.36% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.36% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.36% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     79.36% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.36% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.36% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.36% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemRead        4288598     12.83%     92.19% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite       2608651      7.81%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::total         33418663                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.bw_lim_events              3390502                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu0.rob.rob_reads                    62311714                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu0.rob.rob_writes                   71130706                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu0.timesIdled                              7                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu0.idleCycles                            348                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu0.committedInsts                   16368448                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu0.committedOps                     33418663                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu0.cpi                              1.865460                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu0.cpi_total                        1.865460                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu0.ipc                              0.536061                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu0.ipc_total                        0.536061                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_reads                51394379                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_writes               27917413                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_reads                      656                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_writes                     401                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_reads                 22771066                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_writes                11045760                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu0.misc_regfile_reads               15541655                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements           161850                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                1024                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs            9812456                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           161850                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs            60.626852                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data         1024                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          114                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          909                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         23482022                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses        23482022                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data      2959109                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        2959109                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.data      2608650                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       2608650                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu0.data      5567759                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total         5567759                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu0.data      5567759                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total        5567759                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data       262282                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       262282                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu0.data            2                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            2                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu0.data       262284                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total        262284                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu0.data       262284                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total       262284                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  20209698500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  20209698500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data       156000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total       156000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  20209854500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  20209854500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  20209854500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  20209854500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data      3221391                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      3221391                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.data      2608652                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      2608652                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu0.data      5830043                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total      5830043                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu0.data      5830043                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total      5830043                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.081419                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.081419                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.000001                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000001                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.044988                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.044988                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.044988                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.044988                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 77053.318566                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 77053.318566                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data        78000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total        78000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 77053.325784                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 77053.325784                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 77053.325784                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 77053.325784                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          746                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               22                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    33.909091                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       125603                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total           125603                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       100433                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       100433                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       100433                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       100433                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       100433                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       100433                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       161849                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       161849                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data            2                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            2                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       161851                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       161851                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       161851                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       161851                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  13487991000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  13487991000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data       154000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       154000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  13488145000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  13488145000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  13488145000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  13488145000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.050242                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.050242                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.000001                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000001                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.027762                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.027762                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.027762                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.027762                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 83336.881908                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 83336.881908                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data        77000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        77000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 83336.803603                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 83336.803603                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 83336.803603                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 83336.803603                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements                6                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse                1023                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs               1630                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs                6                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs           271.666667                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst         1023                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.999023                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999023                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1023                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            6                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         1017                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.999023                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses          9729510                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses         9729510                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst      2432366                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        2432366                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu0.inst      2432366                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total         2432366                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu0.inst      2432366                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total        2432366                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.inst           10                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           10                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::cpu0.inst           10                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total            10                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::cpu0.inst           10                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total           10                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst      2027500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      2027500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst      2027500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      2027500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst      2027500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      2027500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst      2432376                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      2432376                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst      2432376                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total      2432376                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst      2432376                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total      2432376                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       202750                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total       202750                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       202750                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total       202750                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       202750                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total       202750                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::writebacks            6                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::total                6                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst            4                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            4                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst            4                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            4                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst            4                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            4                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst            6                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            6                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst            6                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total            6                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst            6                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total            6                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst      1058000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1058000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst      1058000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      1058000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst      1058000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      1058000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000002                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000002                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000002                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000002                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000002                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000002                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 176333.333333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 176333.333333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 176333.333333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 176333.333333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 176333.333333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 176333.333333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.branchPred.lookups                      0                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.condPredicted                0                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu1.branchPred.condIncorrect                0                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBLookups                   0                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHitPct                  nan                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu1.branchPred.usedRAS                      0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu1.branchPred.RASInCorrect                 0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectLookups              0                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectHits                 0                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectMisses               0                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu1.branchPredindirectMispredicted            0                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu1.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::samples                 0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::mean                  nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::stdev                 nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::0                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::1                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::2                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::3                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::4                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::5                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::6                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::7                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::8                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::max_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::total                   0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.idleRate                        nan                       # Percent of cycles fetch was idle
system.cpu1.fetch.branchRate                      nan                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.fetch.rate                            nan                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.rename.serializeStallCycles             0                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu1.rename.serializingInsts                 0                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.tempSerializingInsts             0                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.skidInsts                        0                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedLoads                   0                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedStores                  0                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingLoads                0                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingStores               0                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean             nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev            nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::0                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::1                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::2                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::3                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::4                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::5                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::6                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::7                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::8                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::total              0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemRead                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::total                     0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.rate                               nan                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_cnt                          0                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_rate                       nan                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                  0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads               0                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads            0                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            0                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores            0                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu1.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu1.iew.iewSquashCycles                     0                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu1.iew.iewBlockCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewUnblockCycles                    0                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispatchedInsts                  0                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispStoreInsts                   0                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                 0                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewIQFullEvents                     0                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                    0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             0                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu1.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect             0                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect            0                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.branchMispredicts                   0                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecutedInsts                    0                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu1.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_refs                           0                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_branches                       0                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_stores                         0                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_rate                         nan                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu1.iew.wb_sent                             0                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu1.iew.wb_count                            0                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu1.iew.wb_producers                        0                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_consumers                        0                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_rate                           nan                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu1.iew.wb_fanout                         nan                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::0            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::1            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::2            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::3            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::4            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::5            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::6            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::7            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::8            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::total            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committedInsts                   0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.commit.committedOps                     0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu1.commit.refs                             0                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu1.commit.loads                            0                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu1.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu1.commit.branches                         0                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu1.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.fp_insts                         0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.int_insts                        0                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.function_calls                   0                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntMult              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemRead              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::total                0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.bw_lim_events                    0                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu1.rob.rob_reads                           0                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu1.rob.rob_writes                          0                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu1.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu1.committedOps                            0                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu1.cpi                                   nan                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu1.cpi_total                             nan                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu1.ipc                                   nan                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu1.ipc_total                             nan                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.replacements                    150781                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                        16384                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                      172833                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                    150781                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      1.146252                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks        0.967303                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst         0.425649                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data     16382.607049                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.000059                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst        0.000026                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data        0.999915                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total                   1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         16384                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          114                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2        10362                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         4884                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                   2740485                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                  2740485                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks       125603                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total           125603                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks            6                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total                6                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu0.data         11087                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total             11087                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.data                11087                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                    11087                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.data               11087                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                   11087                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0.data               2                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                   2                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu0.inst            6                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total                6                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu0.data       150762                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total          150762                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.inst                  6                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.data             150764                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                 150770                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.inst                 6                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.data            150764                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                150770                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data       151000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total        151000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst      1048500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total      1048500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  13126434500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total  13126434500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst      1048500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  13126585500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total      13127634000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst      1048500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  13126585500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total     13127634000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks       125603                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       125603                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks            6                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total            6                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0.data             2                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total                 2                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu0.inst            6                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total              6                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu0.data       161849                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total        161849                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst                6                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.data           161851                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total               161857                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst               6                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.data          161851                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total              161857                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total                1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.931498                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.931498                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data        0.931499                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.931501                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data       0.931499                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.931501                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data        75500                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total        75500                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       174750                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total       174750                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 87067.261644                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 87067.261644                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       174750                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 87067.108196                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 87070.597599                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       174750                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 87067.108196                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 87070.597599                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks               110815                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                    110815                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::writebacks            4                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::total             4                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total              2                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst            6                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total            6                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       150762                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total       150762                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst             6                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        150764                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total            150770                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst            6                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       150764                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total           150770                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data       131000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       131000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       988500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       988500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  11618824500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  11618824500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       988500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  11618955500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  11619944000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       988500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  11618955500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  11619944000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::writebacks          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.931498                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.931498                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.931499                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.931501                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.931499                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.931501                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data        65500                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        65500                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       164750                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       164750                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 77067.327974                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77067.327974                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       164750                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 77067.174524                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77070.663925                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       164750                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 77067.174524                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77070.663925                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests        301548                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       150778                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             150767                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       110815                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict            39963                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq                 2                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp                2                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        150768                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       452317                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total       452317                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 452317                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     16741376                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total     16741376                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                16741376                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples            150770                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                  150770    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total              150770                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer4.occupancy           790503500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer4.utilization               5.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy          795188500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              5.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests       323713                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       161856                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            2                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops              8                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            8                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp            161854                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       236418                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean            6                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict           76213                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq                2                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp               2                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq             6                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       161849                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side           18                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       485551                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total                485569                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side          768                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     18396992                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total               18397760                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                          150781                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                   7092160                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples           312638                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.000032                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.005656                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                 312628    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                     10      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::5                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::6                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::7                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::8                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total             312638                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy          287465500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              1.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy              9000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy         242775000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             1.6                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
