
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.015267                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 15267344125                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               10626071511000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                               67183325                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                125579515                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              164655328                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1248940                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                    92.72                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  6229440388                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   11644113572                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.inst          19648                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.data       10029504                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total           10049152                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu0.inst        19648                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total         19648                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks      9949440                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total         9949440                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.inst             307                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.data          156711                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total              157018                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks        155460                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total             155460                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.inst           1286930                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.data         656925259                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total             658212189                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu0.inst      1286930                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total          1286930                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks       651681125                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total            651681125                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks       651681125                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.inst          1286930                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.data        656925259                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total           1309893315                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                      157018                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                     155460                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                    157018                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                   155460                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM               10049216                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                       0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                 9949184                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                10049152                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys              9949440                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                      0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0              9461                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1              9850                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2             10100                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3              9646                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4              9505                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5             10000                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6             10191                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7             10226                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8             10186                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9             10034                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10             9897                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11             9880                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12             9578                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13             9384                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14             9604                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15             9477                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0              9387                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1              9809                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2              9912                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3              9571                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4              9415                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5              9974                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6             10056                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7              9924                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8             10010                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9             10005                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10             9840                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11             9855                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12             9451                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13             9325                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14             9516                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15             9406                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                   15267330000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                157018                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6               155460                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                  156086                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                     604                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                     227                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                      81                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                      18                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                     17                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                     20                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                   9642                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                   9684                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                   9709                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                   9722                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                   9715                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                   9718                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                   9721                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                   9727                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                   9720                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                   9727                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                   9724                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                   9725                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                   9725                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                   9729                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                   9720                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                   9712                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples        27203                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    735.128331                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   571.666184                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev   361.367534                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127         2002      7.36%      7.36% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255         2598      9.55%     16.91% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383         1715      6.30%     23.21% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511         1421      5.22%     28.44% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639         1348      4.96%     33.39% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767         1234      4.54%     37.93% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895         1395      5.13%     43.06% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023         1655      6.08%     49.14% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151        13835     50.86%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total        27203                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples         9710                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean      16.169619                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean     16.121273                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev      1.570457                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::4-7               3      0.03%      0.03% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::8-11             39      0.40%      0.43% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::12-15            84      0.87%      1.30% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::16-19          9406     96.87%     98.17% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::20-23           135      1.39%     99.56% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::24-27            27      0.28%     99.84% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::28-31             4      0.04%     99.88% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::32-35             3      0.03%     99.91% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::36-39             3      0.03%     99.94% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::40-43             2      0.02%     99.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::44-47             1      0.01%     99.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::60-63             1      0.01%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::72-75             1      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::76-79             1      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total          9710                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples         9711                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      16.009165                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     16.008204                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev      0.190448                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16             9684     99.72%     99.72% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::17                3      0.03%     99.75% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::18                7      0.07%     99.82% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::19                5      0.05%     99.88% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::20                5      0.05%     99.93% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::21                5      0.05%     99.98% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::22                2      0.02%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total          9711                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                   2881801500                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat              5825907750                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                  785095000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     18353.32                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.03                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                37103.44                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                       658.22                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                       651.66                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                    658.21                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                    651.68                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                        10.23                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     5.14                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    5.09                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.01                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      26.16                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                   143586                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                  141686                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 91.45                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                91.14                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                      48858.90                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    91.29                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                 98010780                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                 52093965                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy               563910060                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy              407436660                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         743099760.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy           1507732080                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy             62276640                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy      2091998040                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy       297907680                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy       1588631700                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy             7413198975                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            485.559172                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime          11798429000                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE     41431250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF     314922000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF   6434992750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    775754000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT    3112561875                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   4587682250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                 96218640                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                 51141420                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy               557205600                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy              404069760                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         745558320.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy           1502942370                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy             69774720                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy      2055468450                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy       326576160                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy       1589983560                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy             7398939000                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            484.625154                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime          11710775125                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE     59561250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF     315974000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF   6431643875                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    850410500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT    3102075250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   4507679250                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.branchPred.lookups                1267857                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.condPredicted          1267857                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu0.branchPred.condIncorrect             5920                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBLookups             1260784                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHitPct             0.000000                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu0.branchPred.usedRAS                   3467                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu0.branchPred.RASInCorrect               740                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectLookups        1260784                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectHits           1227571                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectMisses           33213                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu0.branchPredindirectMispredicted         4187                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb.rdAccesses                     345751                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrAccesses                    1255307                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.dtb.rdMisses                          741                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrMisses                         2616                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrAccesses                      47072                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrMisses                          347                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.workload.numSyscalls                   50                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.numCycles                        30534689                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.fetch.icacheStallCycles             66696                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu0.fetch.Insts                       5553064                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu0.fetch.Branches                    1267857                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu0.fetch.predictedBranches           1231038                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu0.fetch.Cycles                     30433574                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu0.fetch.SquashCycles                  12602                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu0.fetch.TlbCycles                       103                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
system.cpu0.fetch.MiscStallCycles                 248                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu0.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles         1585                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu0.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           16                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.cpu0.fetch.CacheLines                    46804                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu0.fetch.IcacheSquashes                 1730                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.ItlbSquashes                      1                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::samples          30508523                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::mean             0.367256                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::stdev            1.624945                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::0                28880486     94.66%     94.66% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::1                   39447      0.13%     94.79% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::2                   41662      0.14%     94.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::3                  224168      0.73%     95.66% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::4                   26386      0.09%     95.75% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::5                    8435      0.03%     95.78% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::6                    8598      0.03%     95.81% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::7                   24865      0.08%     95.89% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::8                 1254476      4.11%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::total            30508523                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.branchRate                 0.041522                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.fetch.rate                       0.181861                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.decode.IdleCycles                  397244                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu0.decode.BlockedCycles             28699886                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu0.decode.RunCycles                   628438                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu0.decode.UnblockCycles               776654                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu0.decode.SquashCycles                  6301                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu0.decode.DecodedInsts              11146469                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu0.rename.SquashCycles                  6301                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu0.rename.IdleCycles                  669091                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu0.rename.BlockCycles                 230857                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu0.rename.serializeStallCycles         13044                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu0.rename.RunCycles                  1132199                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu0.rename.UnblockCycles             28457031                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedInsts              11116691                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu0.rename.ROBFullEvents                 1149                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu0.rename.IQFullEvents                 17363                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu0.rename.LQFullEvents                  4893                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu0.rename.SQFullEvents              28168517                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedOperands           14174753                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu0.rename.RenameLookups             23489675                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu0.rename.int_rename_lookups        12762583                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.fp_rename_lookups           302829                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.CommittedMaps             13936765                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu0.rename.UndoneMaps                  237988                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu0.rename.serializingInsts               117                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.tempSerializingInsts           123                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.skidInsts                  4807957                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedLoads              355366                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedStores            1262540                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingLoads            20617                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingStores           15685                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsAdded                  11062525                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu0.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded                722                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsIssued                 11006832                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued             1787                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined         156011                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       225449                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           612                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     30508523                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        0.360779                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       1.232405                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::0           27514715     90.19%     90.19% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::1             473482      1.55%     91.74% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::2             530957      1.74%     93.48% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::3             348332      1.14%     94.62% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::4             313125      1.03%     95.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::5            1014040      3.32%     98.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::6             117740      0.39%     99.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::7             171756      0.56%     99.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::8              24376      0.08%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       30508523                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                  72489     94.36%     94.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0      0.00%     94.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%     94.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                  431      0.56%     94.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%     94.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%     94.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0      0.00%     94.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0      0.00%     94.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%     94.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0      0.00%     94.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%     94.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%     94.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%     94.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%     94.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%     94.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%     94.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%     94.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%     94.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%     94.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%     94.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%     94.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%     94.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%     94.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%     94.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%     94.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%     94.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%     94.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%     94.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%     94.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     94.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%     94.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemRead                   747      0.97%     95.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                  195      0.25%     96.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead             2791      3.63%     99.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite             171      0.22%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass             4211      0.04%      0.04% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu              9315805     84.64%     84.67% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                  84      0.00%     84.68% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                  272      0.00%     84.68% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd              81630      0.74%     85.42% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     85.42% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     85.42% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     85.42% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     85.42% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0      0.00%     85.42% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0      0.00%     85.42% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     85.42% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     85.42% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     85.42% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     85.42% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     85.42% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     85.42% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0      0.00%     85.42% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     85.42% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     85.42% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     85.42% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     85.42% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     85.42% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     85.42% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     85.42% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     85.42% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     85.42% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     85.42% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0      0.00%     85.42% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     85.42% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.42% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     85.42% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead              301909      2.74%     88.16% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite            1218437     11.07%     99.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead          46369      0.42%     99.65% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite         38115      0.35%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::total              11006832                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.rate                          0.360470                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_cnt                      76824                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.006980                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_reads          52229364                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_writes         11014710                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     10803901                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads             371434                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            204734                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses       182129                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.int_alu_accesses              10892072                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_alu_accesses                 187373                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads            2006                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        21983                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           59                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          195                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        11847                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           15                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked          497                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu0.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu0.iew.iewSquashCycles                  6301                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu0.iew.iewBlockCycles                  53718                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewUnblockCycles               142034                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispatchedInsts           11063247                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts              750                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispLoadInsts               355366                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispStoreInsts             1262540                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts               317                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewIQFullEvents                   349                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.iewLSQFullEvents               141518                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           195                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu0.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect          1634                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         5964                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.branchMispredicts                7598                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecutedInsts             10993101                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecLoadInsts               345585                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts            13731                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu0.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_refs                     1600876                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_branches                 1243842                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_stores                   1255291                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_rate                    0.360020                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu0.iew.wb_sent                      10989054                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu0.iew.wb_count                     10986030                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu0.iew.wb_producers                  8021710                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_consumers                 11216315                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_rate                      0.359789                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu0.iew.wb_fanout                    0.715182                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu0.commit.commitSquashedInsts         156284                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu0.commit.commitNonSpecStalls            110                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu0.commit.branchMispredicts             6159                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     30483392                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.357809                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.257969                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     27579381     90.47%     90.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       341741      1.12%     91.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       324002      1.06%     92.66% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      1101461      3.61%     96.27% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        70386      0.23%     96.50% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       677863      2.22%     98.73% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        72046      0.24%     98.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        22123      0.07%     99.03% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       294389      0.97%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     30483392                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committedInsts             5388042                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.commit.committedOps              10907236                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu0.commit.refs                       1584076                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu0.commit.loads                       333383                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu0.commit.membars                         40                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu0.commit.branches                   1237669                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu0.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.fp_insts                    178394                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.int_insts                 10811709                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.function_calls                1044                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass         2235      0.02%      0.02% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu         9241033     84.72%     84.74% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntMult             66      0.00%     84.74% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv             220      0.00%     84.75% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd         79606      0.73%     85.48% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     85.48% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     85.48% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.48% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.48% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     85.48% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0      0.00%     85.48% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.48% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     85.48% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.48% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     85.48% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     85.48% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     85.48% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     85.48% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0      0.00%     85.48% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.48% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.48% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.48% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     85.48% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.48% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.48% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.48% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.48% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.48% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     85.48% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.48% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.48% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.48% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemRead         289191      2.65%     88.13% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite       1213015     11.12%     99.25% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead        44192      0.41%     99.65% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite        37678      0.35%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::total         10907236                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.bw_lim_events               294389                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu0.rob.rob_reads                    41252523                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu0.rob.rob_writes                   22152617                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu0.timesIdled                            259                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu0.idleCycles                          26166                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu0.committedInsts                    5388042                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu0.committedOps                     10907236                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu0.cpi                              5.667122                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu0.cpi_total                        5.667122                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu0.ipc                              0.176456                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu0.ipc_total                        0.176456                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_reads                12564316                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_writes                8342246                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_reads                   281946                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_writes                  143294                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_reads                  6205591                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_writes                 5541164                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu0.misc_regfile_reads                4095184                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements           156766                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                1024                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs            1445286                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           156766                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs             9.219384                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data         1024                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          107                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          917                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses          6530378                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses         6530378                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data       339126                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         339126                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.data      1095235                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       1095235                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu0.data      1434361                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total         1434361                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu0.data      1434361                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total        1434361                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data         3574                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         3574                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu0.data       155468                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       155468                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu0.data       159042                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total        159042                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu0.data       159042                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total       159042                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    332171500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    332171500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  14017575000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  14017575000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  14349746500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  14349746500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  14349746500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  14349746500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data       342700                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       342700                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.data      1250703                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      1250703                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu0.data      1593403                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1593403                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu0.data      1593403                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1593403                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.010429                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010429                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.124304                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.124304                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.099813                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.099813                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.099813                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.099813                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 92941.102406                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 92941.102406                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 90163.731443                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 90163.731443                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 90226.144666                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 90226.144666                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 90226.144666                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 90226.144666                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs        12762                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets         1257                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs              150                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              2                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    85.080000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets   628.500000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       155811                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total           155811                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data         2262                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         2262                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.data         2274                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         2274                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.data         2274                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         2274                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         1312                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1312                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       155456                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       155456                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       156768                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       156768                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       156768                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       156768                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    137679500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    137679500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  13861286000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  13861286000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  13998965500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  13998965500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  13998965500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  13998965500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.003828                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003828                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.124295                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.124295                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.098386                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.098386                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.098386                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.098386                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 104938.643293                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104938.643293                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 89165.332956                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 89165.332956                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 89297.340656                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 89297.340656                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 89297.340656                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 89297.340656                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements              578                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse         1020.999563                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs              12801                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs              578                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs            22.147059                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst  1020.999563                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.997070                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.997070                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1021                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          202                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          819                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.997070                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses           187796                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses          187796                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst        46080                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total          46080                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu0.inst        46080                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total           46080                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu0.inst        46080                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total          46080                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.inst          724                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          724                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::cpu0.inst          724                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total           724                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::cpu0.inst          724                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total          724                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     57512499                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     57512499                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     57512499                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     57512499                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     57512499                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     57512499                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst        46804                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total        46804                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst        46804                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total        46804                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst        46804                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total        46804                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.015469                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015469                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.015469                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.015469                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.015469                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.015469                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 79437.153315                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 79437.153315                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 79437.153315                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 79437.153315                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 79437.153315                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 79437.153315                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           24                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           24                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::writebacks          578                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::total              578                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst          144                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          144                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst          144                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total          144                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst          144                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total          144                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          580                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          580                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          580                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          580                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          580                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          580                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     37976000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     37976000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     37976000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     37976000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     37976000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     37976000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.012392                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.012392                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.012392                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.012392                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.012392                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.012392                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 65475.862069                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65475.862069                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 65475.862069                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65475.862069                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 65475.862069                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65475.862069                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.branchPred.lookups                      0                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.condPredicted                0                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu1.branchPred.condIncorrect                0                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBLookups                   0                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHitPct                  nan                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu1.branchPred.usedRAS                      0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu1.branchPred.RASInCorrect                 0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectLookups              0                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectHits                 0                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectMisses               0                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu1.branchPredindirectMispredicted            0                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu1.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::samples                 0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::mean                  nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::stdev                 nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::0                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::1                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::2                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::3                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::4                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::5                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::6                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::7                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::8                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::max_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::total                   0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.idleRate                        nan                       # Percent of cycles fetch was idle
system.cpu1.fetch.branchRate                      nan                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.fetch.rate                            nan                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.rename.serializeStallCycles             0                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu1.rename.serializingInsts                 0                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.tempSerializingInsts             0                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.skidInsts                        0                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedLoads                   0                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedStores                  0                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingLoads                0                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingStores               0                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean             nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev            nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::0                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::1                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::2                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::3                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::4                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::5                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::6                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::7                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::8                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::total              0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemRead                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::total                     0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.rate                               nan                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_cnt                          0                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_rate                       nan                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                  0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads               0                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads            0                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            0                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores            0                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu1.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu1.iew.iewSquashCycles                     0                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu1.iew.iewBlockCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewUnblockCycles                    0                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispatchedInsts                  0                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispStoreInsts                   0                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                 0                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewIQFullEvents                     0                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                    0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             0                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu1.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect             0                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect            0                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.branchMispredicts                   0                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecutedInsts                    0                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu1.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_refs                           0                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_branches                       0                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_stores                         0                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_rate                         nan                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu1.iew.wb_sent                             0                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu1.iew.wb_count                            0                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu1.iew.wb_producers                        0                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_consumers                        0                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_rate                           nan                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu1.iew.wb_fanout                         nan                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::0            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::1            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::2            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::3            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::4            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::5            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::6            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::7            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::8            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::total            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committedInsts                   0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.commit.committedOps                     0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu1.commit.refs                             0                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu1.commit.loads                            0                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu1.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu1.commit.branches                         0                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu1.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.fp_insts                         0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.int_insts                        0                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.function_calls                   0                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntMult              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemRead              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::total                0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.bw_lim_events                    0                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu1.rob.rob_reads                           0                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu1.rob.rob_writes                          0                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu1.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu1.committedOps                            0                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu1.cpi                                   nan                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu1.cpi_total                             nan                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu1.ipc                                   nan                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu1.ipc_total                             nan                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.replacements                    157516                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                        16384                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                      157032                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                    157516                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      0.996927                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks       52.799686                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst        32.196100                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data     16299.004214                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.003223                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst        0.001965                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data        0.994812                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total                   1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         16384                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          107                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          957                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         9542                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         5778                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                   2674836                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                  2674836                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks       155811                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total           155811                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks          577                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total              577                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu0.data                2                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total                    2                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu0.data                17                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                    17                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu0.inst            271                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::total                271                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu0.data            38                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total                38                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.inst                  271                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.data                   55                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                      326                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.inst                 271                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.data                  55                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                     326                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0.data          155437                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total              155437                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu0.inst          307                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total              307                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu0.data         1274                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total            1274                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.inst                307                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.data             156711                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                 157018                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.inst               307                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.data            156711                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                157018                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  13627879000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total   13627879000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     34246000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total     34246000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    135245500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total    135245500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     34246000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  13763124500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total      13797370500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     34246000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  13763124500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total     13797370500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks       155811                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       155811                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks          577                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total          577                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu0.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total                2                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0.data        155454                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total            155454                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu0.inst          578                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total            578                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu0.data         1312                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total          1312                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst              578                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.data           156766                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total               157344                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst             578                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.data          156766                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total              157344                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.999891                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.999891                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.531142                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total      0.531142                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.971037                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.971037                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst        0.531142                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data        0.999649                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.997928                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst       0.531142                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data       0.999649                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.997928                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 87674.614152                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 87674.614152                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 111550.488599                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total 111550.488599                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 106158.163265                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 106158.163265                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 111550.488599                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 87824.878279                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 87871.266352                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 111550.488599                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 87824.878279                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 87871.266352                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks               155460                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                    155460                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       155437                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total         155437                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          307                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total          307                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         1274                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total         1274                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst           307                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        156711                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total            157018                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          307                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       156711                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total           157018                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  12073509000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  12073509000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     31176000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     31176000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    122505500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    122505500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     31176000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  12196014500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  12227190500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     31176000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  12196014500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  12227190500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.999891                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999891                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.531142                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.531142                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.971037                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.971037                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.531142                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.999649                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.997928                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.531142                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.999649                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.997928                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 77674.614152                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77674.614152                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 101550.488599                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 101550.488599                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 96158.163265                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 96158.163265                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 101550.488599                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 77824.878279                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77871.266352                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 101550.488599                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 77824.878279                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77871.266352                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests        313893                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       156889                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp               1581                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       155460                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict             1415                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq            155437                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp           155437                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq          1581                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       470911                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total       470911                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 470911                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     19998592                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total     19998592                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                19998592                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples            157018                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                  157018    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total              157018                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer4.occupancy           936239000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer4.utilization               6.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy          825720000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              5.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests       314692                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       157344                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests           95                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops            732                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops          732                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp              1892                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       311271                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean          578                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict            3011                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq               2                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp              2                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq           155454                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp          155454                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq           580                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq         1312                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side         1736                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       470302                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total                472038                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        73984                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     20004928                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total               20078912                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                          157518                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                   9949568                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples           314864                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.002627                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.051182                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                 314037     99.74%     99.74% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                    827      0.26%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::5                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::6                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::7                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::8                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total             314864                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy          313735000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              2.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy            870000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy         235150998                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             1.5                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
