
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.015267                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 15267344125                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               8717653495375                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                              134513461                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                250550307                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              343543511                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1248940                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                    44.44                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  5977881909                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   11134650989                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.data       12691584                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total           12691584                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks        20096                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total           20096                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.data          198306                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total              198306                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks           314                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total                314                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.data         831289574                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total             831289574                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks         1316273                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total              1316273                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks         1316273                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.data        831289574                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total            832605848                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                      198306                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                        314                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                    198306                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                      314                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM               12689664                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                    2048                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                   19456                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                12691584                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys                20096                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                     32                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     6                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0             12391                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1             12354                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2             12178                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3             12496                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4             12718                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5             12561                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6             12592                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7             12463                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8             12503                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9             12444                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10            12473                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11            12425                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12            12301                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13            12228                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14            12072                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15            12077                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0                 9                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3               111                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4                 9                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8                 7                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9                30                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10              126                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11                3                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15                9                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                   15267499000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                198306                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6                  314                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                  148557                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                   46365                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                    3321                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                      31                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                     19                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                     19                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                     19                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                     19                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                     19                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                     19                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                     19                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                     19                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                     19                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                     20                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                     20                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                     20                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                     20                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                     19                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                     19                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                     19                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples        96836                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    131.238465                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   112.660632                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev    78.380314                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127        40062     41.37%     41.37% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255        44991     46.46%     87.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383        10113     10.44%     98.28% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511         1483      1.53%     99.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639          152      0.16%     99.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767           20      0.02%     99.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895            8      0.01%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023            2      0.00%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151            5      0.01%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total        96836                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples           19                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean   10430.473684                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean  10111.447371                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev   2656.152823                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::4096-5119            1      5.26%      5.26% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::7168-8191            2     10.53%     15.79% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::8192-9215            2     10.53%     26.32% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::9216-10239            5     26.32%     52.63% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::10240-11263            3     15.79%     68.42% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::11264-12287            3     15.79%     84.21% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::12288-13311            1      5.26%     89.47% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::15360-16383            1      5.26%     94.74% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::16384-17407            1      5.26%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total            19                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples           19                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean             16                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     16.000000                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16               19    100.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total            19                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                   4796117250                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat              8513792250                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                  991380000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     24189.34                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.05                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                42939.53                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                       831.16                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                         1.27                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                    831.29                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                      1.32                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         6.50                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     6.49                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.33                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      25.40                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                   101482                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                     255                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 51.18                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                82.79                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                      76867.88                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    51.23                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                347375280                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                184638135                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy               712236420                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy                 673380                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         1205309040.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy           1644719040                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy             24030240                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy      5172364680                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy        97928160                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy                0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy             9389274375                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            614.990682                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime          11596599000                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE      9384000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF     509860000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    255341250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT    3150715500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  11342043375                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                344083740                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                182854485                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy               703454220                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy                 913500                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         1204694400.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy           1627880670                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy             24456000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy      5169597330                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy       114011520                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy                0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy             9371945865                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            613.855677                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime          11634326750                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE      9508000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF     509615750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    296710500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT    3113893625                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  11337616250                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.branchPred.lookups                1511938                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.condPredicted          1511938                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu0.branchPred.condIncorrect            63239                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBLookups             1189287                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHitPct             0.000000                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu0.branchPred.usedRAS                  42515                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu0.branchPred.RASInCorrect              6589                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectLookups        1189287                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectHits            637976                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectMisses          551311                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu0.branchPredindirectMispredicted        19402                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb.rdAccesses                     703633                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrAccesses                      42557                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.dtb.rdMisses                       140647                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrMisses                          747                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrAccesses                    1248627                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrMisses                         5700                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.workload.numSyscalls                    0                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.numCycles                        30534688                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.fetch.icacheStallCycles           1275975                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu0.fetch.Insts                       4387152                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu0.fetch.Branches                    1511938                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu0.fetch.predictedBranches            680491                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu0.fetch.Cycles                     29070950                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu0.fetch.SquashCycles                 130198                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu0.fetch.TlbCycles                       894                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
system.cpu0.fetch.MiscStallCycles                1246                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu0.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles        52066                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu0.fetch.CacheLines                  1242927                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu0.fetch.IcacheSquashes                 6520                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.ItlbSquashes                      3                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::samples          30466230                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::mean             0.289719                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::stdev            1.357487                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::0                28758230     94.39%     94.39% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::1                   19865      0.07%     94.46% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::2                  622457      2.04%     96.50% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::3                   22975      0.08%     96.58% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::4                  121323      0.40%     96.98% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::5                   60948      0.20%     97.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::6                   79305      0.26%     97.44% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::7                   21926      0.07%     97.51% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::8                  759201      2.49%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::total            30466230                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.branchRate                 0.049515                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.fetch.rate                       0.143678                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.decode.IdleCycles                  629789                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu0.decode.BlockedCycles             28666118                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu0.decode.RunCycles                   809723                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu0.decode.UnblockCycles               295501                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu0.decode.SquashCycles                 65099                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu0.decode.DecodedInsts               7179966                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu0.rename.SquashCycles                 65099                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu0.rename.IdleCycles                  716530                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu0.rename.BlockCycles               27378078                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu0.rename.serializeStallCycles          8371                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu0.rename.RunCycles                   942422                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu0.rename.UnblockCycles              1355730                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedInsts               6884699                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu0.rename.ROBFullEvents                81841                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu0.rename.IQFullEvents                990403                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu0.rename.LQFullEvents                327913                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu0.rename.SQFullEvents                   103                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedOperands            8207000                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu0.rename.RenameLookups             19177627                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu0.rename.int_rename_lookups         9010154                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.fp_rename_lookups            29451                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.CommittedMaps              2762837                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu0.rename.UndoneMaps                 5444163                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu0.rename.serializingInsts               265                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.tempSerializingInsts           309                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.skidInsts                  1897128                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedLoads             1261296                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedStores              62392                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingLoads             2651                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingStores            3246                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsAdded                   6547414                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu0.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded               3458                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsIssued                  4634584                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued             4524                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined        4245946                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      8832520                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          3458                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     30466230                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        0.152122                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       0.708108                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::0           28544094     93.69%     93.69% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::1             771451      2.53%     96.22% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::2             407245      1.34%     97.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::3             272043      0.89%     98.45% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::4             286165      0.94%     99.39% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::5              79109      0.26%     99.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::6              67196      0.22%     99.87% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::7              22283      0.07%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::8              16644      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       30466230                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                   8142     64.03%     64.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0      0.00%     64.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%     64.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                  865      6.80%     70.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%     70.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%     70.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0      0.00%     70.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0      0.00%     70.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%     70.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0      0.00%     70.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%     70.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%     70.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%     70.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%     70.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%     70.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%     70.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%     70.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%     70.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%     70.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%     70.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%     70.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%     70.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%     70.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%     70.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%     70.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%     70.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%     70.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%     70.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%     70.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     70.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%     70.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemRead                  3384     26.61%     97.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                  224      1.76%     99.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead               90      0.71%     99.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite              10      0.08%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            16201      0.35%      0.35% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu              3818305     82.39%     82.74% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                 726      0.02%     82.75% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                 7097      0.15%     82.91% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd              10833      0.23%     83.14% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     83.14% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     83.14% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     83.14% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     83.14% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0      0.00%     83.14% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0      0.00%     83.14% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     83.14% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     83.14% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     83.14% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     83.14% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     83.14% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     83.14% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0      0.00%     83.14% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     83.14% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     83.14% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     83.14% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     83.14% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     83.14% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     83.14% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     83.14% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     83.14% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     83.14% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     83.14% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0      0.00%     83.14% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     83.14% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     83.14% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     83.14% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead              733728     15.83%     98.97% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite              45755      0.99%     99.96% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead           1905      0.04%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite            34      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::total               4634584                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.rate                          0.151781                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_cnt                      12715                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.002744                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_reads          39726013                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_writes         10771467                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      4445119                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads              26624                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes             25354                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses        11671                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.int_alu_accesses               4617356                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_alu_accesses                  13742                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads            3309                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       819163                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          123                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            3                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        42215                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           25                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked         1458                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu0.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu0.iew.iewSquashCycles                 65099                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu0.iew.iewBlockCycles               25462175                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewUnblockCycles               277267                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispatchedInsts            6550872                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts             4061                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispLoadInsts              1261296                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispStoreInsts               62392                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts              1307                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewIQFullEvents                 18133                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                78969                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             3                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu0.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         33822                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        37874                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.branchMispredicts               71696                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecutedInsts              4554320                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecLoadInsts               703472                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts            80264                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu0.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_refs                      746015                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_branches                  538058                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_stores                     42543                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_rate                    0.149152                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu0.iew.wb_sent                       4471905                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu0.iew.wb_count                      4456790                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu0.iew.wb_producers                  3293491                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_consumers                  5158898                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_rate                      0.145958                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu0.iew.wb_fanout                    0.638410                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu0.commit.commitSquashedInsts        4246830                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu0.commit.branchMispredicts            65097                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     29862966                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.077183                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     0.503965                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     28840769     96.58%     96.58% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       479680      1.61%     98.18% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       109713      0.37%     98.55% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       306896      1.03%     99.58% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        56799      0.19%     99.77% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        27568      0.09%     99.86% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         4394      0.01%     99.88% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         3444      0.01%     99.89% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        33703      0.11%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     29862966                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committedInsts             1153815                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.commit.committedOps               2304926                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu0.commit.refs                        462310                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu0.commit.loads                       442133                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu0.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu0.commit.branches                    419953                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu0.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.fp_insts                      8042                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.int_insts                  2296801                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.function_calls                3550                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass         2415      0.10%      0.10% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu         1827357     79.28%     79.39% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntMult            142      0.01%     79.39% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv            5826      0.25%     79.64% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd          6876      0.30%     79.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     79.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     79.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     79.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0      0.00%     79.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     79.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     79.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     79.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     79.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     79.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0      0.00%     79.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     79.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     79.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemRead         440967     19.13%     99.07% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite         20177      0.88%     99.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead         1166      0.05%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::total          2304926                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.bw_lim_events                33703                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu0.rob.rob_reads                    36381019                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu0.rob.rob_writes                   13708051                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu0.timesIdled                            527                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu0.idleCycles                          68458                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu0.committedInsts                    1153815                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu0.committedOps                      2304926                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu0.cpi                             26.464111                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu0.cpi_total                       26.464111                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu0.ipc                              0.037787                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu0.ipc_total                        0.037787                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_reads                 4476958                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_writes                3879795                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_reads                    20907                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_writes                   10417                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_reads                  2816946                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_writes                 1207744                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu0.misc_regfile_reads                2411411                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements           234049                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                1024                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs             298448                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           234049                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs             1.275152                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data         1024                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          148                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          780                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           96                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses          3101025                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses         3101025                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data       278427                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         278427                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.data        19378                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         19378                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu0.data       297805                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total          297805                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu0.data       297805                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total         297805                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data       418140                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       418140                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu0.data          799                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          799                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu0.data       418939                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total        418939                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu0.data       418939                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total       418939                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  35076453500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  35076453500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data     28479499                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     28479499                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  35104932999                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  35104932999                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  35104932999                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  35104932999                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data       696567                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       696567                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.data        20177                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        20177                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu0.data       716744                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total       716744                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu0.data       716744                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total       716744                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.600287                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.600287                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.039600                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.039600                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.584503                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.584503                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.584503                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.584503                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 83886.864447                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 83886.864447                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 35643.928661                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 35643.928661                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 83794.855573                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 83794.855573                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 83794.855573                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 83794.855573                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs        18760                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs              944                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    19.872881                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         2002                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total             2002                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       184887                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       184887                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       184890                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       184890                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       184890                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       184890                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       233253                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       233253                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data          796                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          796                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       234049                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       234049                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       234049                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       234049                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  19474204000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  19474204000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     27620999                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     27620999                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  19501824999                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  19501824999                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  19501824999                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  19501824999                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.334861                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.334861                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.039451                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.039451                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.326545                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.326545                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.326545                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.326545                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 83489.618569                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 83489.618569                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 34699.747487                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 34699.747487                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 83323.684352                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 83323.684352                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 83323.684352                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 83323.684352                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse                1021                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst         1021                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.997070                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.997070                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1021                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         1021                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.997070                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses          4971708                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses         4971708                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst      1242927                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        1242927                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu0.inst      1242927                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total         1242927                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu0.inst      1242927                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total        1242927                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst      1242927                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1242927                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst      1242927                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total      1242927                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst      1242927                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total      1242927                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.branchPred.lookups                      0                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.condPredicted                0                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu1.branchPred.condIncorrect                0                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBLookups                   0                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHitPct                  nan                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu1.branchPred.usedRAS                      0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu1.branchPred.RASInCorrect                 0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectLookups              0                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectHits                 0                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectMisses               0                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu1.branchPredindirectMispredicted            0                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu1.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::samples                 0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::mean                  nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::stdev                 nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::0                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::1                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::2                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::3                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::4                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::5                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::6                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::7                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::8                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::max_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::total                   0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.idleRate                        nan                       # Percent of cycles fetch was idle
system.cpu1.fetch.branchRate                      nan                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.fetch.rate                            nan                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.rename.serializeStallCycles             0                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu1.rename.serializingInsts                 0                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.tempSerializingInsts             0                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.skidInsts                        0                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedLoads                   0                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedStores                  0                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingLoads                0                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingStores               0                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean             nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev            nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::0                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::1                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::2                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::3                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::4                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::5                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::6                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::7                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::8                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::total              0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemRead                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::total                     0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.rate                               nan                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_cnt                          0                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_rate                       nan                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                  0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads               0                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads            0                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            0                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores            0                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu1.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu1.iew.iewSquashCycles                     0                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu1.iew.iewBlockCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewUnblockCycles                    0                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispatchedInsts                  0                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispStoreInsts                   0                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                 0                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewIQFullEvents                     0                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                    0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             0                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu1.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect             0                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect            0                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.branchMispredicts                   0                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecutedInsts                    0                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu1.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_refs                           0                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_branches                       0                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_stores                         0                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_rate                         nan                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu1.iew.wb_sent                             0                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu1.iew.wb_count                            0                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu1.iew.wb_producers                        0                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_consumers                        0                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_rate                           nan                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu1.iew.wb_fanout                         nan                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::0            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::1            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::2            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::3            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::4            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::5            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::6            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::7            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::8            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::total            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committedInsts                   0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.commit.committedOps                     0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu1.commit.refs                             0                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu1.commit.loads                            0                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu1.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu1.commit.branches                         0                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu1.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.fp_insts                         0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.int_insts                        0                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.function_calls                   0                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntMult              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemRead              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::total                0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.bw_lim_events                    0                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu1.rob.rob_reads                           0                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu1.rob.rob_writes                          0                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu1.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu1.committedOps                            0                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu1.cpi                                   nan                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu1.cpi_total                             nan                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu1.ipc                                   nan                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu1.ipc_total                             nan                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.replacements                    198313                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                        16384                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                      264253                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                    198313                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      1.332505                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks       12.772786                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data     16371.227214                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.000780                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data        0.999220                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total                   1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         16384                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          145                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1         1218                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2        10182                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         4814                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           25                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                   3940881                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                  3940881                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks         2002                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total             2002                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu0.data               600                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                   600                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu0.data         35143                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total             35143                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.data                35743                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                    35743                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.data               35743                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                   35743                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0.data             196                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                 196                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu0.data       198110                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total          198110                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.data             198306                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                 198306                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.data            198306                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                198306                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data     19840000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      19840000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  18728344000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total  18728344000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  18748184000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total      18748184000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  18748184000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total     18748184000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks         2002                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         2002                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0.data           796                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total               796                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu0.data       233253                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total        233253                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.data           234049                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total               234049                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.data          234049                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total              234049                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.246231                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.246231                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.849335                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.849335                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data        0.847284                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.847284                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data       0.847284                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.847284                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 101224.489796                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 101224.489796                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 94535.076473                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 94535.076473                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 94541.688098                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 94541.688098                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 94541.688098                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 94541.688098                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                  314                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                       314                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data          196                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            196                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       198110                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total       198110                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        198306                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total            198306                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       198306                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total           198306                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     17880000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     17880000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  16747244000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  16747244000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  16765124000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  16765124000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  16765124000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  16765124000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.246231                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.246231                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.849335                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.849335                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.847284                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.847284                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.847284                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.847284                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 91224.489796                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 91224.489796                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 84535.076473                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84535.076473                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 84541.688098                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84541.688098                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 84541.688098                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84541.688098                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests        396605                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       198306                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             198110                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          314                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict           197985                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq               196                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp              196                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        198110                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       594911                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total       594911                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 594911                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     12711680                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total     12711680                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                12711680                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples            198306                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                  198306    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total              198306                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer4.occupancy           467454000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer4.utilization               3.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy         1070488000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              7.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests       468098                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       234045                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests          522                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops             14                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops           12                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            2                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp            233253                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         2316                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict          430046                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq              796                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp             796                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       233253                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       702147                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total                702147                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     15107264                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total               15107264                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                          198313                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                     20096                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples           432362                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.001235                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.035253                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                 431830     99.88%     99.88% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                    530      0.12%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      2      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::5                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::6                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::7                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::8                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total             432362                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy          236051000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              1.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy         351073500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             2.3                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
