
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.015267                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 15267344125                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               9679496175250                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                              135306811                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                252238018                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              341602437                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1248940                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                    44.69                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  6047306991                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   11273350037                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.data       12830656                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total           12830656                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks        18560                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total           18560                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.data          200479                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total              200479                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks           290                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total                290                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.data         840398690                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total             840398690                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks         1215667                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total              1215667                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks         1215667                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.data        840398690                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total            841614356                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                      200479                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                        290                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                    200479                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                      290                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM               12828736                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                    1920                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                   18432                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                12830656                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys                18560                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                     30                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     1                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0             12292                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1             12328                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2             12407                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3             12790                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4             12783                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5             12539                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6             12879                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7             12332                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8             12675                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9             12665                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10            12542                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11            12547                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12            12648                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13            12291                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14            12227                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15            12504                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3                88                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4                14                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8                16                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12              104                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13               66                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                   15267350000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                200479                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6                  290                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                  149737                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                   47292                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                    3394                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                      26                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                     18                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                     18                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                     18                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                     19                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                     18                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                     18                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                     18                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                     18                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                     18                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                     18                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                     18                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                     18                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                     18                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                     18                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                     18                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                     18                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples        97201                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    132.170492                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   113.457621                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev    78.836979                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127        39594     40.73%     40.73% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255        45654     46.97%     87.70% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383        10225     10.52%     98.22% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511         1519      1.56%     99.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639          175      0.18%     99.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767           20      0.02%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895            4      0.00%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023            3      0.00%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151            7      0.01%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total        97201                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples           18                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean   10950.833333                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean  10777.454968                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev   2019.486663                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::7680-8191            2     11.11%     11.11% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::8704-9215            2     11.11%     22.22% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::9216-9727            2     11.11%     33.33% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::9728-10239            3     16.67%     50.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::10240-10751            1      5.56%     55.56% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::11264-11775            1      5.56%     61.11% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::11776-12287            1      5.56%     66.67% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::12288-12799            1      5.56%     72.22% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::12800-13311            3     16.67%     88.89% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::13312-13823            1      5.56%     94.44% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::14848-15359            1      5.56%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total            18                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples           18                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean             16                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     16.000000                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16               18    100.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total            18                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                   4798987000                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat              8557405750                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                 1002245000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     23941.19                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                42691.19                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                       840.27                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                         1.21                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                    840.40                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                      1.22                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         6.57                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     6.56                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.34                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      25.81                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                   103288                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                     249                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 51.53                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                86.16                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                      76044.36                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    51.58                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                346639860                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                184243455                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy               716499000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy                 532440                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         1205309040.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy           1649148510                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy             24507360                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy      5161203510                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy       103119840                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy                0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy             9391203015                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            615.117006                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime          11587437625                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE      9600000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF     509860000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    268540750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT    3160114500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  11319228875                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                347368140                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                184634340                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy               714706860                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy                 970920                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         1205309040.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy           1647544530                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy             24613440                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy      5159602950                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy       105712320                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy                0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy             9390462540                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            615.068506                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime          11590640375                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE      9844500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF     509860000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    275491000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT    3156990750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  11315157875                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.branchPred.lookups                1515038                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.condPredicted          1515038                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu0.branchPred.condIncorrect            67307                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBLookups             1208196                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHitPct             0.000000                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu0.branchPred.usedRAS                  47344                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu0.branchPred.RASInCorrect              7941                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectLookups        1208196                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectHits            630446                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectMisses          577750                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu0.branchPredindirectMispredicted        20086                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb.rdAccesses                     707825                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrAccesses                      44084                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.dtb.rdMisses                       134799                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrMisses                          726                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrAccesses                    1219572                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrMisses                         7585                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.workload.numSyscalls                    0                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.numCycles                        30534688                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.fetch.icacheStallCycles           1248353                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu0.fetch.Insts                       4464532                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu0.fetch.Branches                    1515038                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu0.fetch.predictedBranches            677790                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu0.fetch.Cycles                     29014780                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu0.fetch.SquashCycles                 139708                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu0.fetch.TlbCycles                      4123                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
system.cpu0.fetch.MiscStallCycles                1750                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu0.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles        75729                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu0.fetch.CacheLines                  1211987                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu0.fetch.IcacheSquashes                 6320                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.ItlbSquashes                     12                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::samples          30414589                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::mean             0.295925                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::stdev            1.373894                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::0                28696927     94.35%     94.35% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::1                   17980      0.06%     94.41% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::2                  596582      1.96%     96.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::3                   26052      0.09%     96.46% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::4                  120703      0.40%     96.86% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::5                   78911      0.26%     97.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::6                   80303      0.26%     97.38% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::7                   25104      0.08%     97.46% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::8                  772027      2.54%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::total            30414589                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.branchRate                 0.049617                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.fetch.rate                       0.146212                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.decode.IdleCycles                  630211                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu0.decode.BlockedCycles             28606763                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu0.decode.RunCycles                   816270                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu0.decode.UnblockCycles               291491                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu0.decode.SquashCycles                 69854                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu0.decode.DecodedInsts               7239720                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu0.rename.SquashCycles                 69854                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu0.rename.IdleCycles                  717730                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu0.rename.BlockCycles               27233362                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu0.rename.serializeStallCycles         19368                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu0.rename.RunCycles                   944297                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu0.rename.UnblockCycles              1429978                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedInsts               6921210                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu0.rename.ROBFullEvents               120259                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu0.rename.IQFullEvents                978674                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu0.rename.LQFullEvents                425315                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu0.rename.SQFullEvents                   218                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedOperands            8253833                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu0.rename.RenameLookups             19183452                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu0.rename.int_rename_lookups         9109025                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.fp_rename_lookups            24306                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.CommittedMaps              2618863                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu0.rename.UndoneMaps                 5634970                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu0.rename.serializingInsts               328                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.tempSerializingInsts           374                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.skidInsts                  1893736                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedLoads             1257230                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedStores              67251                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingLoads             4463                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingStores            4068                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsAdded                   6575115                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu0.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded               4614                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsIssued                  4664574                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued             5405                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined        4393577                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      8821301                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          4614                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     30414589                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        0.153366                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       0.713525                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::0           28494058     93.69%     93.69% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::1             765029      2.52%     96.20% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::2             405641      1.33%     97.53% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::3             270898      0.89%     98.43% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::4             284804      0.94%     99.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::5              83634      0.27%     99.64% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::6              71624      0.24%     99.87% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::7              22769      0.07%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::8              16132      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       30414589                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                   8356     61.39%     61.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0      0.00%     61.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%     61.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                  767      5.64%     67.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%     67.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%     67.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0      0.00%     67.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0      0.00%     67.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%     67.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0      0.00%     67.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%     67.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%     67.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%     67.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%     67.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%     67.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%     67.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%     67.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%     67.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%     67.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%     67.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%     67.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%     67.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%     67.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%     67.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%     67.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%     67.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%     67.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%     67.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%     67.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     67.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%     67.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemRead                  4207     30.91%     97.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                  207      1.52%     99.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead                7      0.05%     99.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite              67      0.49%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            18086      0.39%      0.39% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu              3839382     82.31%     82.70% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                1220      0.03%     82.72% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                 6546      0.14%     82.86% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd               9734      0.21%     83.07% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     83.07% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     83.07% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     83.07% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     83.07% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0      0.00%     83.07% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0      0.00%     83.07% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     83.07% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     83.07% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     83.07% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     83.07% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     83.07% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     83.07% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0      0.00%     83.07% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     83.07% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     83.07% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     83.07% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     83.07% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     83.07% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     83.07% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     83.07% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     83.07% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     83.07% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     83.07% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0      0.00%     83.07% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     83.07% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     83.07% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     83.07% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead              740445     15.87%     98.95% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite              47798      1.02%     99.97% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead           1113      0.02%     99.99% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite           250      0.01%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::total               4664574                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.rate                          0.152763                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_cnt                      13611                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.002918                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_reads          39739463                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_writes         10953759                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      4469322                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads              23290                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes             19550                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses        10541                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.int_alu_accesses               4648140                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_alu_accesses                  11959                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads            2895                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       835144                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           93                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            4                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        49084                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           25                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked          959                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu0.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu0.iew.iewSquashCycles                 69854                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu0.iew.iewBlockCycles               24926472                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewUnblockCycles               292359                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispatchedInsts            6579729                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts             5430                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispLoadInsts              1257230                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispStoreInsts               67251                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts              1743                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewIQFullEvents                 19671                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.iewLSQFullEvents               100406                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             4                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu0.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         36579                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        40120                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.branchMispredicts               76699                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecutedInsts              4579956                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecLoadInsts               707542                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts            84618                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu0.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_refs                      751616                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_branches                  534309                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_stores                     44074                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_rate                    0.149992                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu0.iew.wb_sent                       4496414                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu0.iew.wb_count                      4479863                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu0.iew.wb_producers                  3305961                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_consumers                  5166055                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_rate                      0.146714                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu0.iew.wb_fanout                    0.639939                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu0.commit.commitSquashedInsts        4394504                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu0.commit.branchMispredicts            69851                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     29785659                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.073396                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     0.487755                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     28807538     96.72%     96.72% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       462642      1.55%     98.27% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       103398      0.35%     98.62% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       292361      0.98%     99.60% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        56835      0.19%     99.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        26440      0.09%     99.88% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         4162      0.01%     99.89% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         3145      0.01%     99.90% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        29138      0.10%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     29785659                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committedInsts             1094204                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.commit.committedOps               2186152                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu0.commit.refs                        440253                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu0.commit.loads                       422086                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu0.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu0.commit.branches                    399753                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu0.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.fp_insts                      7240                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.int_insts                  2178851                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.function_calls                3200                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass         2157      0.10%      0.10% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu         1732250     79.24%     79.34% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntMult            128      0.01%     79.34% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv            5172      0.24%     79.58% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd          6192      0.28%     79.86% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     79.86% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     79.86% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.86% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.86% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     79.86% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0      0.00%     79.86% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.86% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     79.86% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.86% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     79.86% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     79.86% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     79.86% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     79.86% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0      0.00%     79.86% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.86% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.86% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.86% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     79.86% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.86% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.86% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.86% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.86% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.86% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     79.86% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.86% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.86% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.86% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemRead         421038     19.26%     99.12% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite         18167      0.83%     99.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead         1048      0.05%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::total          2186152                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.bw_lim_events                29138                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu0.rob.rob_reads                    36337177                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu0.rob.rob_writes                   13791493                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu0.timesIdled                            875                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu0.idleCycles                         120099                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu0.committedInsts                    1094204                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu0.committedOps                      2186152                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu0.cpi                             27.905846                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu0.cpi_total                       27.905846                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu0.ipc                              0.035835                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu0.ipc_total                        0.035835                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_reads                 4537223                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_writes                3904508                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_reads                    18877                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_writes                    9353                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_reads                  2771144                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_writes                 1216411                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu0.misc_regfile_reads                2404858                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements           223796                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                1024                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs             310914                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           223796                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs             1.389274                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data         1024                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          138                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          772                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          114                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses          3101136                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses         3101136                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data       296747                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         296747                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.data        17418                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         17418                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu0.data       314165                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total          314165                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu0.data       314165                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total         314165                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data       404421                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       404421                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu0.data          749                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          749                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu0.data       405170                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total        405170                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu0.data       405170                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total       405170                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  35368430500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  35368430500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data     25748000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     25748000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  35394178500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  35394178500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  35394178500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  35394178500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data       701168                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       701168                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.data        18167                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        18167                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu0.data       719335                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total       719335                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu0.data       719335                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total       719335                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.576782                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.576782                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.041229                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.041229                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.563256                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.563256                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.563256                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.563256                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 87454.485548                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 87454.485548                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 34376.502003                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 34376.502003                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 87356.365229                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 87356.365229                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 87356.365229                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 87356.365229                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs        13617                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs              644                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    21.144410                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         1747                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total             1747                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       181366                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       181366                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data            8                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       181374                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       181374                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       181374                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       181374                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       223055                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       223055                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data          741                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          741                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       223796                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       223796                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       223796                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       223796                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  19483283500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  19483283500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     24421500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     24421500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  19507705000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  19507705000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  19507705000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  19507705000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.318119                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.318119                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.040788                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.040788                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.311115                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.311115                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.311115                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.311115                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 87347.441214                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 87347.441214                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 32957.489879                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 32957.489879                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 87167.353304                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 87167.353304                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 87167.353304                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 87167.353304                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse                1023                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst         1023                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.999023                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999023                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1023                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         1023                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.999023                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses          4847948                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses         4847948                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst      1211987                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        1211987                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu0.inst      1211987                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total         1211987                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu0.inst      1211987                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total        1211987                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst      1211987                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1211987                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst      1211987                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total      1211987                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst      1211987                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total      1211987                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.branchPred.lookups                      0                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.condPredicted                0                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu1.branchPred.condIncorrect                0                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBLookups                   0                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHitPct                  nan                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu1.branchPred.usedRAS                      0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu1.branchPred.RASInCorrect                 0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectLookups              0                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectHits                 0                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectMisses               0                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu1.branchPredindirectMispredicted            0                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu1.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::samples                 0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::mean                  nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::stdev                 nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::0                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::1                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::2                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::3                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::4                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::5                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::6                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::7                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::8                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::max_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::total                   0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.idleRate                        nan                       # Percent of cycles fetch was idle
system.cpu1.fetch.branchRate                      nan                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.fetch.rate                            nan                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.rename.serializeStallCycles             0                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu1.rename.serializingInsts                 0                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.tempSerializingInsts             0                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.skidInsts                        0                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedLoads                   0                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedStores                  0                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingLoads                0                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingStores               0                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean             nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev            nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::0                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::1                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::2                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::3                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::4                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::5                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::6                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::7                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::8                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::total              0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemRead                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::total                     0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.rate                               nan                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_cnt                          0                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_rate                       nan                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                  0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads               0                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads            0                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            0                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores            0                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu1.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu1.iew.iewSquashCycles                     0                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu1.iew.iewBlockCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewUnblockCycles                    0                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispatchedInsts                  0                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispStoreInsts                   0                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                 0                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewIQFullEvents                     0                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                    0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             0                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu1.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect             0                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect            0                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.branchMispredicts                   0                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecutedInsts                    0                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu1.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_refs                           0                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_branches                       0                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_stores                         0                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_rate                         nan                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu1.iew.wb_sent                             0                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu1.iew.wb_count                            0                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu1.iew.wb_producers                        0                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_consumers                        0                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_rate                           nan                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu1.iew.wb_fanout                         nan                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::0            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::1            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::2            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::3            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::4            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::5            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::6            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::7            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::8            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::total            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committedInsts                   0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.commit.committedOps                     0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu1.commit.refs                             0                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu1.commit.loads                            0                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu1.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu1.commit.branches                         0                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu1.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.fp_insts                         0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.int_insts                        0                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.function_calls                   0                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntMult              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemRead              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::total                0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.bw_lim_events                    0                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu1.rob.rob_reads                           0                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu1.rob.rob_writes                          0                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu1.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu1.committedOps                            0                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu1.cpi                                   nan                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu1.cpi_total                             nan                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu1.ipc                                   nan                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu1.ipc_total                             nan                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.replacements                    200492                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                        16384                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                      245570                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                    200492                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      1.224837                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks       12.710444                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data     16371.289556                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.000776                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data        0.999224                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total                   1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         16384                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          136                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1         1207                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2        11072                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         3942                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           27                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                   3779380                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                  3779380                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks         1747                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total             1747                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu0.data               576                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                   576                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu0.data         22741                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total             22741                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.data                23317                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                    23317                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.data               23317                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                   23317                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0.data             165                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                 165                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu0.data       200314                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total          200314                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.data             200479                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                 200479                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.data            200479                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                200479                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data     17006000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      17006000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  18886604500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total  18886604500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  18903610500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total      18903610500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  18903610500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total     18903610500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks         1747                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         1747                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0.data           741                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total               741                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu0.data       223055                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total        223055                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.data           223796                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total               223796                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.data          223796                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total              223796                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.222672                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.222672                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.898048                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.898048                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data        0.895811                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.895811                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data       0.895811                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.895811                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 103066.666667                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 103066.666667                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 94284.995058                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 94284.995058                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 94292.222627                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 94292.222627                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 94292.222627                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 94292.222627                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                  290                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                       290                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::writebacks            1                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::total             1                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data          165                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            165                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       200314                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total       200314                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        200479                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total            200479                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       200479                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total           200479                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     15356000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     15356000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  16883464500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  16883464500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  16898820500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  16898820500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  16898820500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  16898820500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::writebacks          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.222672                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.222672                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.898048                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.898048                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.895811                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.895811                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.895811                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.895811                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 93066.666667                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 93066.666667                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 84284.995058                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84284.995058                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 84292.222627                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84292.222627                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 84292.222627                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84292.222627                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests        400950                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       200479                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             200314                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          290                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict           200181                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq               165                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp              165                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        200314                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       601429                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total       601429                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 601429                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     12849216                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total     12849216                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                12849216                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples            200479                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                  200479    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total              200479                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer4.occupancy           472421000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer4.utilization               3.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy         1082021000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              7.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests       447592                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       223798                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests          456                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops             22                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops           18                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            4                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp            223055                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         2037                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict          422251                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq              741                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp             741                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       223055                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       671388                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total                671388                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     14434752                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total               14434752                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                          200492                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                     18560                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples           424288                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.001141                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.034034                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                 423808     99.89%     99.89% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                    476      0.11%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      4      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::5                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::6                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::7                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::8                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total             424288                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy          225543000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              1.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy         335694000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             2.2                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
