
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.015267                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 15267344125                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               10397061349125                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                               66377543                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                123931887                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              164879887                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1248940                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                    92.60                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  6146343246                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   11475689552                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.inst          21312                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.data       10019328                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total           10040640                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu0.inst        21312                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total         21312                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks      9931456                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total         9931456                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.inst             333                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.data          156552                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total              156885                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks        155179                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total             155179                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.inst           1395921                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.data         656258739                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total             657654659                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu0.inst      1395921                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total          1395921                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks       650503186                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total            650503186                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks       650503186                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.inst          1395921                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.data        656258739                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total           1308157846                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                      156884                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                     155179                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                    156884                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                   155179                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM               10040576                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                       0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                 9931776                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                10040576                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys              9931456                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                      0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0              9462                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1              9843                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2             10197                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3              9770                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4              9460                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5              9872                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6             10070                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7             10160                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8             10183                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9             10038                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10             9903                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11             9875                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12             9584                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13             9385                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14             9602                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15             9480                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0              9379                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1              9786                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2             10031                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3              9680                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4              9340                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5              9839                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6              9919                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7              9860                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8             10011                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9             10005                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10             9825                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11             9839                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12             9449                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13             9314                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14             9507                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15             9400                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                   15267141000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                156884                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6               155179                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                  155916                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                     613                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                     252                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                      88                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                      15                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                     17                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                     21                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                   9618                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                   9655                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                   9673                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                   9697                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                   9694                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                   9698                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                   9703                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                   9706                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                   9704                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                   9720                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                   9709                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                   9709                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                   9714                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                   9726                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                   9712                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                   9699                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples        27439                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    727.909909                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   570.395522                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev   357.815062                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127         1956      7.13%      7.13% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255         2292      8.35%     15.48% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383         2177      7.93%     23.42% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511         1621      5.91%     29.32% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639         1395      5.08%     34.41% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767         1575      5.74%     40.15% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895         1414      5.15%     45.30% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023         1370      4.99%     50.29% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151        13639     49.71%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total        27439                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples         9694                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean      16.184135                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean     16.130922                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev      1.618471                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::4-7               5      0.05%      0.05% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::8-11             43      0.44%      0.50% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::12-15            75      0.77%      1.27% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::16-19          9373     96.69%     97.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::20-23           138      1.42%     99.38% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::24-27            35      0.36%     99.74% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::28-31            12      0.12%     99.87% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::32-35             4      0.04%     99.91% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::40-43             6      0.06%     99.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::44-47             1      0.01%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::72-75             1      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::76-79             1      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total          9694                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples         9694                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      16.008253                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     16.007371                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev      0.183206                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16             9670     99.75%     99.75% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::17                2      0.02%     99.77% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::18                6      0.06%     99.83% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::19                7      0.07%     99.91% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::20                4      0.04%     99.95% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::21                3      0.03%     99.98% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::23                2      0.02%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total          9694                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                   2884650000                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat              5826225000                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                  784420000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     18387.15                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                37137.15                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                       657.65                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                       650.52                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                    657.65                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                    650.50                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                        10.22                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     5.14                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    5.08                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.01                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      26.17                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                   143328                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                  141302                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 91.36                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                91.06                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                      48923.27                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    91.21                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                 98674800                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                 52450695                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy               562881900                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy              406293480                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         748631520.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy           1513395030                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy             65076960                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy      2089095600                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy       309891360                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy       1579595820                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy             7425987165                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            486.396789                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime          11778950000                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE     49848000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF     317232000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF   6390664000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    807037250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT    3121276500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   4581286375                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                 97232520                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                 51680310                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy               557277000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy              403767000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         749246160.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy           1507928730                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy             66573600                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy      2057929710                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy       335880960                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy       1583353740                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy             7410869730                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            485.406608                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime          11751628750                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE     52941000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF     317552000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF   6399426875                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    874753000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT    3109620750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   4513050500                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.branchPred.lookups                1273687                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.condPredicted          1273687                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu0.branchPred.condIncorrect             6609                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBLookups             1266450                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHitPct             0.000000                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu0.branchPred.usedRAS                   3417                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu0.branchPred.RASInCorrect               737                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectLookups        1266450                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectHits           1231393                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectMisses           35057                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu0.branchPredindirectMispredicted         4389                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb.rdAccesses                     346720                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrAccesses                    1257856                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.dtb.rdMisses                          754                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrMisses                         2629                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrAccesses                      49350                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrMisses                          299                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.workload.numSyscalls                   50                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.numCycles                        30534688                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.fetch.icacheStallCycles             70261                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu0.fetch.Insts                       5586642                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu0.fetch.Branches                    1273687                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu0.fetch.predictedBranches           1234810                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu0.fetch.Cycles                     30427514                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu0.fetch.SquashCycles                  13838                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu0.fetch.TlbCycles                         3                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
system.cpu0.fetch.MiscStallCycles                 173                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu0.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles         1370                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu0.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           30                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.cpu0.fetch.CacheLines                    49137                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu0.fetch.IcacheSquashes                 1951                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::samples          30506270                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::mean             0.369094                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::stdev            1.628755                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::0                28870196     94.64%     94.64% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::1                   39598      0.13%     94.77% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::2                   42241      0.14%     94.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::3                  224167      0.73%     95.64% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::4                   26972      0.09%     95.73% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::5                    9053      0.03%     95.76% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::6                    8789      0.03%     95.79% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::7                   24829      0.08%     95.87% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::8                 1260425      4.13%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::total            30506270                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.branchRate                 0.041713                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.fetch.rate                       0.182961                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.decode.IdleCycles                  400362                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu0.decode.BlockedCycles             28687047                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu0.decode.RunCycles                   632631                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu0.decode.UnblockCycles               779311                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu0.decode.SquashCycles                  6919                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu0.decode.DecodedInsts              11196235                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu0.rename.SquashCycles                  6919                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu0.rename.IdleCycles                  672480                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu0.rename.BlockCycles                 233968                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu0.rename.serializeStallCycles         11362                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu0.rename.RunCycles                  1138696                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu0.rename.UnblockCycles             28442845                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedInsts              11162428                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu0.rename.ROBFullEvents                 1143                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu0.rename.IQFullEvents                 17484                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu0.rename.LQFullEvents                  5270                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu0.rename.SQFullEvents              28154386                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedOperands           14237843                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu0.rename.RenameLookups             23595914                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu0.rename.int_rename_lookups        12821718                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.fp_rename_lookups           307648                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.CommittedMaps             13960281                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu0.rename.UndoneMaps                  277562                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu0.rename.serializingInsts               120                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.tempSerializingInsts           126                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.skidInsts                  4817331                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedLoads              357072                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedStores            1265712                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingLoads            20320                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingStores           22449                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsAdded                  11101145                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu0.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded                779                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsIssued                 11036673                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued             1802                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined         175820                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       258930                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           669                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     30506270                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        0.361784                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       1.233855                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::0           27504428     90.16%     90.16% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::1             474073      1.55%     91.71% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::2             533040      1.75%     93.46% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::3             348426      1.14%     94.60% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::4             314785      1.03%     95.64% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::5            1017368      3.33%     98.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::6             118108      0.39%     99.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::7             171722      0.56%     99.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::8              24320      0.08%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       30506270                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                  72665     94.42%     94.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0      0.00%     94.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%     94.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                  398      0.52%     94.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%     94.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%     94.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0      0.00%     94.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0      0.00%     94.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%     94.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0      0.00%     94.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%     94.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%     94.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%     94.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%     94.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%     94.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%     94.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%     94.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%     94.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%     94.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%     94.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%     94.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%     94.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%     94.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%     94.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%     94.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%     94.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%     94.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%     94.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%     94.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     94.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%     94.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemRead                   817      1.06%     96.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                  185      0.24%     96.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead             2719      3.53%     99.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite             174      0.23%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass             4250      0.04%      0.04% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu              9341448     84.64%     84.68% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                  76      0.00%     84.68% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                  277      0.00%     84.68% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd              81898      0.74%     85.42% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     85.42% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     85.42% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     85.42% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     85.42% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0      0.00%     85.42% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0      0.00%     85.42% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     85.42% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     85.42% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     85.42% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     85.42% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     85.42% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     85.42% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0      0.00%     85.42% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     85.42% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     85.42% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     85.42% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     85.42% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     85.42% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     85.42% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     85.42% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     85.42% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     85.42% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     85.42% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0      0.00%     85.42% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     85.42% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.42% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     85.42% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead              302793      2.74%     88.17% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite            1221036     11.06%     99.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead          46694      0.42%     99.65% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite         38201      0.35%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::total              11036673                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.rate                          0.361447                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_cnt                      76958                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.006973                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_reads          52285431                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_writes         11068603                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     10830456                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads             372945                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            209332                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses       182652                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.int_alu_accesses              10921319                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_alu_accesses                 188062                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads            1963                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        23672                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           45                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          202                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        12638                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           14                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked          525                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu0.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu0.iew.iewSquashCycles                  6919                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu0.iew.iewBlockCycles                  52908                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewUnblockCycles               143170                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispatchedInsts           11101924                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts              723                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispLoadInsts               357072                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispStoreInsts             1265712                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts               334                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewIQFullEvents                   404                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.iewLSQFullEvents               142613                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           202                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu0.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect          1999                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         6297                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.branchMispredicts                8296                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecutedInsts             11020785                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecLoadInsts               346568                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts            15888                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu0.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_refs                     1604405                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_branches                 1246690                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_stores                   1257837                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_rate                    0.360927                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu0.iew.wb_sent                      11016433                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu0.iew.wb_count                     11013108                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu0.iew.wb_producers                  8042544                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_consumers                 11247164                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_rate                      0.360675                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu0.iew.wb_fanout                    0.715073                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu0.commit.commitSquashedInsts         176074                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu0.commit.commitNonSpecStalls            110                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu0.commit.branchMispredicts             6774                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     30478529                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.358485                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.258600                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     27568762     90.45%     90.45% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       342279      1.12%     91.58% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       323805      1.06%     92.64% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      1104260      3.62%     96.26% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        70444      0.23%     96.49% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       681308      2.24%     98.73% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        72129      0.24%     98.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        21991      0.07%     99.04% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       293551      0.96%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     30478529                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committedInsts             5397486                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.commit.committedOps              10926104                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu0.commit.refs                       1586474                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu0.commit.loads                       333400                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu0.commit.membars                         40                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu0.commit.branches                   1240015                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu0.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.fp_insts                    178412                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.int_insts                 10830571                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.function_calls                1044                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass         2236      0.02%      0.02% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu         9257501     84.73%     84.75% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntMult             62      0.00%     84.75% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv             220      0.00%     84.75% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd         79611      0.73%     85.48% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     85.48% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     85.48% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.48% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.48% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     85.48% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0      0.00%     85.48% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.48% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     85.48% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.48% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     85.48% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     85.48% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     85.48% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     85.48% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0      0.00%     85.48% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.48% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.48% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.48% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     85.48% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.48% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.48% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.48% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.48% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.48% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     85.48% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.48% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.48% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.48% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemRead         289203      2.65%     88.13% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite       1215388     11.12%     99.25% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead        44197      0.40%     99.66% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite        37686      0.34%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::total         10926104                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.bw_lim_events               293551                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu0.rob.rob_reads                    41287156                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu0.rob.rob_writes                   22232547                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu0.timesIdled                            269                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu0.idleCycles                          28418                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu0.committedInsts                    5397486                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu0.committedOps                     10926104                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu0.cpi                              5.657206                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu0.cpi_total                        5.657206                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu0.ipc                              0.176766                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu0.ipc_total                        0.176766                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_reads                12594902                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_writes                8363675                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_reads                   282567                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_writes                  143827                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_reads                  6219634                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_writes                 5554581                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu0.misc_regfile_reads                4105615                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements           156606                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                1024                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs            1448747                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           156606                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs             9.250904                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data         1024                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          103                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          921                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses          6543614                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses         6543614                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data       340044                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         340044                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.data      1097775                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       1097775                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu0.data      1437819                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total         1437819                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu0.data      1437819                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total        1437819                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data         3624                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         3624                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu0.data       155309                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       155309                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu0.data       158933                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total        158933                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu0.data       158933                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total       158933                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    338165500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    338165500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  14009043497                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  14009043497                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  14347208997                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  14347208997                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  14347208997                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  14347208997                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data       343668                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       343668                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.data      1253084                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      1253084                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu0.data      1596752                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1596752                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu0.data      1596752                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1596752                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.010545                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010545                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.123941                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.123941                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.099535                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.099535                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.099535                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.099535                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 93312.775938                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 93312.775938                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 90201.105519                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 90201.105519                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 90272.058018                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 90272.058018                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 90272.058018                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 90272.058018                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs        12466                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets         1276                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs              163                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              2                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    76.478528                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          638                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       155653                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total           155653                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data         2313                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         2313                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.data         2322                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         2322                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.data         2322                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         2322                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         1311                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1311                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       155300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       155300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       156611                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       156611                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       156611                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       156611                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    136123000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    136123000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  13853145497                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  13853145497                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  13989268497                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  13989268497                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  13989268497                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  13989268497                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.003815                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003815                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.123934                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.123934                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.098081                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.098081                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.098081                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.098081                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 103831.426392                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 103831.426392                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 89202.482273                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 89202.482273                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 89324.942035                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 89324.942035                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 89324.942035                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 89324.942035                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements              577                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse         1020.574721                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs          295882966                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs              577                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs         512795.435009                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst  1020.574721                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.996655                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.996655                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1020                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          205                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          815                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.996094                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses           197128                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses          197128                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst        48419                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total          48419                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu0.inst        48419                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total           48419                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu0.inst        48419                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total          48419                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.inst          718                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          718                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::cpu0.inst          718                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total           718                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::cpu0.inst          718                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total          718                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     60909999                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     60909999                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     60909999                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     60909999                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     60909999                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     60909999                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst        49137                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total        49137                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst        49137                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total        49137                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst        49137                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total        49137                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.014612                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.014612                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.014612                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.014612                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.014612                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.014612                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 84832.867688                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 84832.867688                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 84832.867688                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 84832.867688                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 84832.867688                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 84832.867688                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          187                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                4                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    46.750000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::writebacks          577                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::total              577                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst          138                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          138                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst          138                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total          138                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst          138                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total          138                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          580                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          580                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          580                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          580                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          580                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          580                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     40685000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     40685000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     40685000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     40685000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     40685000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     40685000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.011804                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.011804                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.011804                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.011804                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.011804                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.011804                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 70146.551724                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70146.551724                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 70146.551724                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70146.551724                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 70146.551724                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70146.551724                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.branchPred.lookups                      0                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.condPredicted                0                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu1.branchPred.condIncorrect                0                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBLookups                   0                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHitPct                  nan                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu1.branchPred.usedRAS                      0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu1.branchPred.RASInCorrect                 0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectLookups              0                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectHits                 0                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectMisses               0                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu1.branchPredindirectMispredicted            0                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu1.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::samples                 0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::mean                  nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::stdev                 nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::0                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::1                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::2                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::3                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::4                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::5                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::6                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::7                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::8                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::max_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::total                   0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.idleRate                        nan                       # Percent of cycles fetch was idle
system.cpu1.fetch.branchRate                      nan                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.fetch.rate                            nan                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.rename.serializeStallCycles             0                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu1.rename.serializingInsts                 0                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.tempSerializingInsts             0                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.skidInsts                        0                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedLoads                   0                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedStores                  0                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingLoads                0                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingStores               0                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean             nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev            nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::0                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::1                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::2                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::3                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::4                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::5                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::6                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::7                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::8                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::total              0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemRead                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::total                     0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.rate                               nan                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_cnt                          0                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_rate                       nan                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                  0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads               0                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads            0                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            0                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores            0                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu1.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu1.iew.iewSquashCycles                     0                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu1.iew.iewBlockCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewUnblockCycles                    0                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispatchedInsts                  0                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispStoreInsts                   0                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                 0                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewIQFullEvents                     0                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                    0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             0                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu1.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect             0                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect            0                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.branchMispredicts                   0                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecutedInsts                    0                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu1.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_refs                           0                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_branches                       0                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_stores                         0                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_rate                         nan                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu1.iew.wb_sent                             0                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu1.iew.wb_count                            0                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu1.iew.wb_producers                        0                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_consumers                        0                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_rate                           nan                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu1.iew.wb_fanout                         nan                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::0            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::1            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::2            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::3            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::4            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::5            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::6            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::7            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::8            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::total            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committedInsts                   0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.commit.committedOps                     0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu1.commit.refs                             0                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu1.commit.loads                            0                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu1.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu1.commit.branches                         0                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu1.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.fp_insts                         0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.int_insts                        0                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.function_calls                   0                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntMult              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemRead              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::total                0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.bw_lim_events                    0                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu1.rob.rob_reads                           0                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu1.rob.rob_writes                          0                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu1.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu1.committedOps                            0                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu1.cpi                                   nan                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu1.cpi_total                             nan                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu1.ipc                                   nan                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu1.ipc_total                             nan                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.replacements                    157389                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                        16384                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                      156721                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                    157389                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      0.995756                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks       56.445583                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst        38.020189                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data     16289.534227                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.003445                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst        0.002321                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data        0.994234                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total                   1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         16384                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          104                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          954                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         9549                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         5777                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                   2672197                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                  2672197                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks       155653                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total           155653                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks          577                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total              577                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu0.data                4                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total                    4                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu0.data                17                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                    17                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu0.inst            243                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::total                243                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu0.data            38                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total                38                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.inst                  243                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.data                   55                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                      298                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.inst                 243                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.data                  55                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                     298                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu0.data              1                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::total                  1                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0.data          155278                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total              155278                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu0.inst          333                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total              333                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu0.data         1273                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total            1273                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.inst                333                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.data             156551                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                 156884                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.inst               333                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.data            156551                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                156884                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data        30500                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total        30500                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  13620136000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total   13620136000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     37241000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total     37241000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    133690500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total    133690500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     37241000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  13753826500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total      13791067500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     37241000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  13753826500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total     13791067500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks       155653                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       155653                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks          577                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total          577                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu0.data            5                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total                5                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0.data        155295                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total            155295                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu0.inst          576                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total            576                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu0.data         1311                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total          1311                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst              576                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.data           156606                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total               157182                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst             576                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.data          156606                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total              157182                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.200000                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total        0.200000                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.999891                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.999891                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.578125                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total      0.578125                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.971014                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.971014                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst        0.578125                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data        0.999649                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.998104                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst       0.578125                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data       0.999649                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.998104                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data        30500                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total        30500                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 87714.524917                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 87714.524917                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 111834.834835                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total 111834.834835                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 105020.031422                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 105020.031422                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 111834.834835                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 87855.245256                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 87906.144030                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 111834.834835                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 87855.245256                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 87906.144030                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks               155180                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                    155180                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data            1                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total             1                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       155278                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total         155278                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          333                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total          333                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         1273                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total         1273                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst           333                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        156551                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total            156884                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          333                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       156551                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total           156884                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data        20500                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        20500                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  12067346000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  12067346000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     33911000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     33911000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    120960500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    120960500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     33911000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  12188306500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  12222217500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     33911000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  12188306500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  12222217500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.200000                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.200000                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.999891                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999891                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.578125                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.578125                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.971014                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.971014                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.578125                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.999649                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.998104                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.578125                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.999649                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.998104                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data        20500                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        20500                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 77714.460516                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77714.460516                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 101834.834835                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 101834.834835                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 95020.031422                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 95020.031422                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 101834.834835                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 77855.181379                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77906.080289                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 101834.834835                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 77855.181379                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77906.080289                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests        313576                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       156705                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp               1606                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       155179                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict             1512                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq                1                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq            155278                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp           155279                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq          1606                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       470461                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total       470461                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 470461                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     19972096                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total     19972096                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                19972096                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples            156885                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                  156885    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total              156885                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer4.occupancy           934816000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer4.utilization               6.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy          825092500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              5.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests       314374                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       157183                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests           87                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops            777                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops          777                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp              1891                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       310833                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean          577                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict            3162                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq               5                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp              5                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq           155295                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp          155295                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq           580                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq         1311                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side         1733                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       469828                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total                471561                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        73792                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     19984576                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total               20058368                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                          157393                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                   9931776                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples           314580                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.002747                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.052335                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                 313716     99.73%     99.73% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                    864      0.27%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::5                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::6                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::7                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::8                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total             314580                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy          313417000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              2.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy            870000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy         234912498                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             1.5                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
