
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.015267                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 15267344125                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               2274834274625                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                               13836439                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                 25248684                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               42101742                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1248940                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                   362.63                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  5017503793                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                    9155923473                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.inst            192                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.data        1035264                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total            1035456                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu0.inst          192                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total           192                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks       973632                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total          973632                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.inst               3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.data           16176                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total               16179                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks         15213                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total              15213                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.inst             12576                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.data          67809043                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total              67821619                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu0.inst        12576                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total            12576                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks        63772192                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total             63772192                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks        63772192                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.inst            12576                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.data         67809043                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total            131593811                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                       16179                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                      15213                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                     16179                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                    15213                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM                1035264                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                     192                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                  974208                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                 1035456                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys               973632                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                      3                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0               919                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1              1030                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2               974                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3               955                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4              1129                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5              1140                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6              1146                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7              1094                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8              1044                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9              1091                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10              986                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11             1019                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12              960                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13              986                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14              851                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15              852                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0               879                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1               961                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2               914                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3               891                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4              1076                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5              1073                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6              1071                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7              1028                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8               985                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9              1043                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10              934                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11              976                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12              881                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13              913                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14              791                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15              806                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                   15270029000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                 16179                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6                15213                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                   15210                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                     961                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                       5                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                    543                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                    564                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                    869                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                    878                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                    878                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                    878                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                    879                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                    882                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                    880                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                    880                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                    879                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                    879                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                    884                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                    884                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                    881                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                    915                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                    880                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                    880                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples        22588                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean     88.944927                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean    80.572981                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev    50.828231                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::64-127        16346     72.37%     72.37% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-191         4704     20.83%     93.19% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::192-255          979      4.33%     97.53% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-319          320      1.42%     98.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::320-383          119      0.53%     99.47% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-447           52      0.23%     99.70% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::448-511           43      0.19%     99.89% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-575           14      0.06%     99.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::576-639           10      0.04%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::704-767            1      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total        22588                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples          879                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean      18.414107                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean     18.348723                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev      1.560936                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::15                6      0.68%      0.68% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::16              100     11.38%     12.06% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::17              140     15.93%     27.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::18              234     26.62%     54.61% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::19              197     22.41%     77.02% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::20              120     13.65%     90.67% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::21               47      5.35%     96.02% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::22               31      3.53%     99.54% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::23                4      0.46%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total           879                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples          879                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      17.317406                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     17.286977                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev      1.019426                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16              313     35.61%     35.61% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::17               20      2.28%     37.88% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::18              502     57.11%     94.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::19               42      4.78%     99.77% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::20                2      0.23%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total           879                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                    488197000                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat               791497000                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                   80880000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     30180.33                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                48930.33                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                        67.81                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                        63.81                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                     67.82                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                     63.77                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         1.03                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     0.53                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    0.50                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.11                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      24.93                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                     5456                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                    3347                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 33.73                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                22.00                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                     486430.59                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    28.04                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                 83188140                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                 44204160                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy                59883180                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy               41201460                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         1223133600.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy            981493260                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy             33086880                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy      4425947970                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy      1199117280                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy         80595360                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy             8172170670                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            535.271269                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime          13027921000                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE     26670000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF     517772000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF    199344250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN   3122669750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT    1694708250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   9706179875                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                 78140160                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                 41517300                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy                55613460                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy               38257380                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         1226206800.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy           1004852430                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy             33969120                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy      4231656630                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy      1300558080                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy        117652560                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy             8128759710                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            532.427883                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime          12973552250                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE     31792250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF     519180000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF    307685750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN   3386674500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT    1742304000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   9279707625                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.branchPred.lookups               13251916                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.condPredicted         13251916                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu0.branchPred.condIncorrect          1380079                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBLookups            11052736                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHitPct             0.000000                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu0.branchPred.usedRAS                1055779                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu0.branchPred.RASInCorrect            188274                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectLookups       11052736                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectHits           2636572                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectMisses         8416164                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu0.branchPredindirectMispredicted       908872                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb.rdAccesses                    6945919                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrAccesses                    2278923                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.dtb.rdMisses                        81386                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrMisses                        15829                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrAccesses                    6538855                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrMisses                         2566                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.workload.numSyscalls                   19                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.numCycles                        30534688                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.fetch.icacheStallCycles           7375764                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu0.fetch.Insts                      56427139                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu0.fetch.Branches                   13251916                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu0.fetch.predictedBranches           3692351                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu0.fetch.Cycles                     21760979                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu0.fetch.SquashCycles                2762302                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu0.fetch.TlbCycles                         1                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
system.cpu0.fetch.MiscStallCycles                 900                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu0.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles        15039                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu0.fetch.PendingQuiesceStallCycles           22                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending quiesce instructions
system.cpu0.fetch.CacheLines                  6536289                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu0.fetch.IcacheSquashes               320323                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::samples          30533856                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::mean             4.035525                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::stdev            3.671099                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::0                12111795     39.67%     39.67% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::1                  527082      1.73%     41.39% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::2                  902933      2.96%     44.35% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::3                 1338719      4.38%     48.73% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::4                  590515      1.93%     50.67% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::5                 1165664      3.82%     54.49% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::6                 1007515      3.30%     57.79% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::7                  481485      1.58%     59.36% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::8                12408148     40.64%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::total            30533856                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.branchRate                 0.433995                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.fetch.rate                       1.847968                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.decode.IdleCycles                 5561245                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu0.decode.BlockedCycles              8398317                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu0.decode.RunCycles                 13730624                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu0.decode.UnblockCycles              1462519                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu0.decode.SquashCycles               1381151                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu0.decode.DecodedInsts             110226506                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu0.rename.SquashCycles               1381151                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu0.rename.IdleCycles                 6640074                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu0.rename.BlockCycles                6992739                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu0.rename.serializeStallCycles        237667                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu0.rename.RunCycles                 13898019                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu0.rename.UnblockCycles              1384206                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedInsts             103049177                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu0.rename.ROBFullEvents                31264                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu0.rename.IQFullEvents                773183                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu0.rename.LQFullEvents                   272                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu0.rename.SQFullEvents                373615                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedOperands          115882638                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu0.rename.RenameLookups            255503528                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu0.rename.int_rename_lookups       139619862                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.fp_rename_lookups         20038138                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.CommittedMaps             48122575                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu0.rename.UndoneMaps                67760067                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu0.rename.serializingInsts             32118                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.tempSerializingInsts         34452                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.skidInsts                  3408230                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedLoads             9478352                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedStores            3170507                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingLoads           150056                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingStores          154356                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsAdded                  89384734                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu0.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded             205554                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsIssued                 70946002                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued           664715                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       48130758                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     69663123                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved        205445                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     30533856                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        2.323519                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       2.590361                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::0           13291955     43.53%     43.53% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::1            2247477      7.36%     50.89% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::2            2784210      9.12%     60.01% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::3            2313192      7.58%     67.59% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::4            2351755      7.70%     75.29% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::5            2232781      7.31%     82.60% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::6            2640079      8.65%     91.25% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::7            1600126      5.24%     96.49% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::8            1072281      3.51%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       30533856                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                1427633     92.77%     92.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0      0.00%     92.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%     92.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                81605      5.30%     98.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%     98.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%     98.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0      0.00%     98.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0      0.00%     98.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%     98.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0      0.00%     98.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%     98.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%     98.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%     98.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%     98.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%     98.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%     98.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%     98.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%     98.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%     98.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%     98.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%     98.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%     98.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%     98.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%     98.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%     98.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%     98.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%     98.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%     98.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%     98.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     98.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%     98.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemRead                  4171      0.27%     98.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                 1618      0.11%     98.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead            23470      1.53%     99.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite             384      0.02%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass          1888077      2.66%      2.66% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu             53802532     75.84%     78.50% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                2571      0.00%     78.50% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                73108      0.10%     78.60% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            5123475      7.22%     85.83% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     85.83% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     85.83% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     85.83% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     85.83% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0      0.00%     85.83% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0      0.00%     85.83% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     85.83% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     85.83% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     85.83% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     85.83% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     85.83% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     85.83% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0      0.00%     85.83% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     85.83% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     85.83% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     85.83% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     85.83% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     85.83% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     85.83% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     85.83% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     85.83% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     85.83% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     85.83% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0      0.00%     85.83% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     85.83% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.83% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     85.83% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead             5068077      7.14%     92.97% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite            2478416      3.49%     96.46% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead        2508580      3.54%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite          1166      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::total              70946002                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.rate                          2.323456                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_cnt                    1538881                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.021691                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_reads         158944252                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_writes        119054539                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     59739735                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads           15685199                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes          18666743                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      6957862                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.int_alu_accesses              62750174                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_alu_accesses                7846632                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads          215160                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      5789198                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses         3562                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          271                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores      1557404                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         3181                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            3                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu0.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu0.iew.iewSquashCycles               1381151                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu0.iew.iewBlockCycles                6242876                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewUnblockCycles                11775                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispatchedInsts           89590288                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts            49311                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispLoadInsts              9478352                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispStoreInsts             3170507                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts             85360                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewIQFullEvents                  4654                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                 5270                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           271                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu0.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        412066                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1320011                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.branchMispredicts             1732077                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecutedInsts             67880051                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecLoadInsts              6908588                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts          3065946                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu0.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_refs                     9186722                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_branches                 6226621                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_stores                   2278134                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_rate                    2.223047                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu0.iew.wb_sent                      67255745                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu0.iew.wb_count                     66697597                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu0.iew.wb_producers                 49424808                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_consumers                 87966345                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_rate                      2.184322                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu0.iew.wb_fanout                    0.561860                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu0.commit.commitSquashedInsts       48131014                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu0.commit.commitNonSpecStalls            109                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu0.commit.branchMispredicts          1381003                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     23209221                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     1.786339                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     2.404940                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     10712851     46.16%     46.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      3066516     13.21%     59.37% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      3470676     14.95%     74.32% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      1837777      7.92%     82.24% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       937084      4.04%     86.28% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       774043      3.34%     89.62% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       320828      1.38%     91.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       320747      1.38%     92.38% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      1768699      7.62%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     23209221                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committedInsts            18786272                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.commit.committedOps              41459539                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu0.commit.refs                       5302258                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu0.commit.loads                      3689156                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu0.commit.membars                         60                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu0.commit.branches                   4328995                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu0.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.fp_insts                   3182621                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.int_insts                 38738486                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.function_calls              369594                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass       723723      1.75%      1.75% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu        32989052     79.57%     81.31% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntMult            762      0.00%     81.32% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv           48112      0.12%     81.43% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd       2395632      5.78%     87.21% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     87.21% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     87.21% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     87.21% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     87.21% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     87.21% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0      0.00%     87.21% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     87.21% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     87.21% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     87.21% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     87.21% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     87.21% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     87.21% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     87.21% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0      0.00%     87.21% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     87.21% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     87.21% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     87.21% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     87.21% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     87.21% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     87.21% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     87.21% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     87.21% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     87.21% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     87.21% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     87.21% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     87.21% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     87.21% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemRead        2912196      7.02%     94.24% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite       1613102      3.89%     98.13% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead       776960      1.87%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::total         41459539                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.bw_lim_events              1768699                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu0.rob.rob_reads                   111031075                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu0.rob.rob_writes                  186645559                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu0.timesIdled                            122                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu0.idleCycles                            832                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu0.committedInsts                   18786272                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu0.committedOps                     41459539                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu0.cpi                              1.625372                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu0.cpi_total                        1.625372                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu0.ipc                              0.615244                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu0.ipc_total                        0.615244                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_reads                86472689                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_writes               51097340                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_reads                 10976485                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_writes                 6565515                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_reads                 36159127                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_writes                17855359                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu0.misc_regfile_reads               21874824                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements            18439                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                1024                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs             473789                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs            18439                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs            25.694940                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data         1024                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           13                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          119                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          739                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           96                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           57                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         33080887                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses        33080887                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data      6629588                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        6629588                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.data      1603958                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       1603958                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu0.data      8233546                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total         8233546                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu0.data      8233546                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total        8233546                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data        22558                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        22558                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu0.data         9508                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         9508                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu0.data        32066                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total         32066                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu0.data        32066                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total        32066                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data   1670859000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1670859000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    897499000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    897499000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data   2568358000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2568358000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data   2568358000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2568358000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data      6652146                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      6652146                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.data      1613466                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      1613466                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu0.data      8265612                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total      8265612                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu0.data      8265612                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total      8265612                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.003391                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.003391                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.005893                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.005893                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.003879                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.003879                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.003879                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.003879                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 74069.465378                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 74069.465378                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 94394.089188                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 94394.089188                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 80095.989522                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 80095.989522                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 80095.989522                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 80095.989522                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           40                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                2                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           20                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        15779                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total            15779                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data        13127                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        13127                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data          484                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          484                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.data        13611                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        13611                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.data        13611                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        13611                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         9431                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         9431                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         9024                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         9024                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        18455                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        18455                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        18455                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        18455                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    822889500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    822889500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    849338500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    849338500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   1672228000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1672228000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   1672228000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1672228000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.001418                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001418                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.005593                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005593                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.002233                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002233                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.002233                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002233                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 87253.684657                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 87253.684657                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 94119.957890                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 94119.957890                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 90611.108101                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 90611.108101                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 90611.108101                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 90611.108101                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements             1101                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse         1022.256937                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs             114163                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs             1101                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs           103.690282                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst  1022.256937                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.998298                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.998298                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1023                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            9                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            7                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         1005                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.999023                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses         26146273                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses        26146273                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst      6535140                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        6535140                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu0.inst      6535140                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total         6535140                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu0.inst      6535140                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total        6535140                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.inst         1149                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         1149                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::cpu0.inst         1149                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total          1149                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::cpu0.inst         1149                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total         1149                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     14789500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     14789500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     14789500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     14789500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     14789500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     14789500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst      6536289                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      6536289                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst      6536289                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total      6536289                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst      6536289                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total      6536289                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000176                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000176                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000176                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000176                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000176                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000176                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 12871.627502                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 12871.627502                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 12871.627502                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 12871.627502                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 12871.627502                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 12871.627502                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::writebacks         1101                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::total             1101                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst           32                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           32                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst           32                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           32                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst           32                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           32                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst         1117                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1117                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst         1117                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1117                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst         1117                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1117                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     13522500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     13522500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     13522500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     13522500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     13522500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     13522500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000171                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000171                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000171                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000171                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000171                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000171                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 12106.087735                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12106.087735                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 12106.087735                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12106.087735                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 12106.087735                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12106.087735                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.branchPred.lookups                      0                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.condPredicted                0                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu1.branchPred.condIncorrect                0                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBLookups                   0                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHitPct                  nan                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu1.branchPred.usedRAS                      0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu1.branchPred.RASInCorrect                 0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectLookups              0                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectHits                 0                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectMisses               0                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu1.branchPredindirectMispredicted            0                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu1.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::samples                 0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::mean                  nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::stdev                 nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::0                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::1                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::2                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::3                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::4                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::5                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::6                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::7                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::8                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::max_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::total                   0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.idleRate                        nan                       # Percent of cycles fetch was idle
system.cpu1.fetch.branchRate                      nan                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.fetch.rate                            nan                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.rename.serializeStallCycles             0                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu1.rename.serializingInsts                 0                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.tempSerializingInsts             0                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.skidInsts                        0                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedLoads                   0                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedStores                  0                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingLoads                0                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingStores               0                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean             nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev            nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::0                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::1                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::2                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::3                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::4                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::5                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::6                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::7                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::8                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::total              0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemRead                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::total                     0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.rate                               nan                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_cnt                          0                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_rate                       nan                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                  0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads               0                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads            0                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            0                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores            0                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu1.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu1.iew.iewSquashCycles                     0                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu1.iew.iewBlockCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewUnblockCycles                    0                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispatchedInsts                  0                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispStoreInsts                   0                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                 0                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewIQFullEvents                     0                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                    0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             0                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu1.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect             0                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect            0                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.branchMispredicts                   0                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecutedInsts                    0                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu1.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_refs                           0                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_branches                       0                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_stores                         0                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_rate                         nan                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu1.iew.wb_sent                             0                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu1.iew.wb_count                            0                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu1.iew.wb_producers                        0                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_consumers                        0                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_rate                           nan                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu1.iew.wb_fanout                         nan                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::0            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::1            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::2            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::3            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::4            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::5            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::6            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::7            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::8            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::total            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committedInsts                   0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.commit.committedOps                     0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu1.commit.refs                             0                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu1.commit.loads                            0                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu1.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu1.commit.branches                         0                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu1.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.fp_insts                         0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.int_insts                        0                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.function_calls                   0                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntMult              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemRead              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::total                0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.bw_lim_events                    0                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu1.rob.rob_reads                           0                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu1.rob.rob_writes                          0                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu1.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu1.committedOps                            0                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu1.cpi                                   nan                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu1.cpi_total                             nan                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu1.ipc                                   nan                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu1.ipc_total                             nan                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.replacements                     16182                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                        16384                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                       17461                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                     16182                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      1.079038                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks       17.553578                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst        12.342417                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data     16354.104005                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.001071                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst        0.000753                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data        0.998175                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total                   1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         16384                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           13                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          110                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         1031                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         9247                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         5983                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                    328726                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                   328726                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks        15779                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total            15779                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks         1101                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total             1101                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu0.data                9                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total                    9                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu0.data                92                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                    92                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu0.inst           1098                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::total               1098                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu0.data          2171                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total              2171                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.inst                 1098                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.data                 2263                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                     3361                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.inst                1098                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.data                2263                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                    3361                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu0.data              7                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::total                  7                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0.data            8917                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                8917                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu0.inst            3                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total                3                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu0.data         7259                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total            7259                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.inst                  3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.data              16176                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                  16179                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.inst                 3                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.data             16176                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                 16179                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    834599000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     834599000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       283000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total       283000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    785482000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total    785482000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       283000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data   1620081000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total       1620364000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       283000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data   1620081000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total      1620364000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks        15779                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        15779                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks         1101                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total         1101                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu0.data           16                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total               16                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0.data          9009                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total              9009                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu0.inst         1101                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total           1101                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu0.data         9430                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total          9430                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst             1101                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.data            18439                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total                19540                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst            1101                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.data           18439                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total               19540                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.437500                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total        0.437500                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.989788                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.989788                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.002725                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total      0.002725                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.769777                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.769777                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst        0.002725                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data        0.877271                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.827994                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst       0.002725                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data       0.877271                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.827994                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 93596.388920                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 93596.388920                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 94333.333333                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total 94333.333333                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 108208.017633                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 108208.017633                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 94333.333333                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 100153.375371                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 100152.296186                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 94333.333333                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 100153.375371                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 100152.296186                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                15213                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                     15213                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data            7                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total             7                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         8917                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           8917                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst            3                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         7259                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total         7259                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst             3                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         16176                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total             16179                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst            3                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        16176                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total            16179                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data       139500                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       139500                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    745429000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    745429000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       253000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       253000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    712892000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    712892000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       253000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   1458321000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1458574000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       253000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   1458321000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1458574000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.437500                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.437500                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.989788                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.989788                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.002725                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002725                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.769777                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.769777                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.002725                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.877271                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.827994                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.002725                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.877271                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.827994                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 19928.571429                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19928.571429                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 83596.388920                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 83596.388920                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 84333.333333                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84333.333333                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 98208.017633                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 98208.017633                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 84333.333333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 90153.375371                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 90152.296186                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 84333.333333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 90153.375371                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 90152.296186                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests         32364                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests        16188                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp               7262                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        15213                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict              965                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq                7                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq              8917                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp             8917                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq          7262                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port        48543                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total        48543                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  48543                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port      2009088                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total      2009088                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                 2009088                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples             16186                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                   16186    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total               16186                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer4.occupancy            97155500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer4.utilization               0.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy           87838250                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests        39112                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests        19540                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests           60                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops              4                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            4                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp             10547                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        30992                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean         1101                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict            3629                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq              16                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp             16                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq             9009                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp            9009                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq          1117                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq         9430                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side         3319                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        55349                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total                 58668                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       140928                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      2189952                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total                2330880                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                           16198                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                    974656                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples            35754                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.001790                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.042271                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                  35690     99.82%     99.82% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                     64      0.18%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::5                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::6                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::7                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::8                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total              35754                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy           36436000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy           1675500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy          27666999                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
