
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.015267                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 15267344125                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               10458130725625                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                               67196125                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                125498669                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              166315305                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1248940                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                    91.80                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  6168439930                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   11520473200                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.inst          20288                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.data       10043200                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total           10063488                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu0.inst        20288                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total         20288                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks      9965504                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total         9965504                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.inst             317                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.data          156925                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total              157242                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks        155711                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total             155711                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.inst           1328849                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.data         657822338                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total             659151187                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu0.inst      1328849                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total          1328849                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks       652733306                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total            652733306                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks       652733306                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.inst          1328849                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.data        657822338                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total           1311884493                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                      157242                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                     155711                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                    157242                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                   155711                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM               10063488                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                       0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                 9965440                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                10063488                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys              9965504                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                      0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0              9463                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1              9845                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2             10104                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3              9645                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4              9477                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5              9997                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6             10194                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7             10275                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8             10311                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9             10134                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10             9897                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11             9877                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12             9577                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13             9381                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14             9585                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15             9480                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0              9389                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1              9810                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2              9914                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3              9572                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4              9385                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5              9973                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6             10054                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7              9998                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8             10144                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9             10074                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10             9838                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11             9857                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12             9450                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13             9329                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14             9516                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15             9407                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                   15267375000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                157242                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6               155711                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                  156332                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                     589                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                     218                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                      88                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                      14                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                     26                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                     26                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                   9652                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                   9687                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                   9715                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                   9724                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                   9740                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                   9738                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                   9735                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                   9735                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                   9736                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                   9737                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                   9748                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                   9739                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                   9741                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                   9750                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                   9730                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                   9732                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples        27219                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    735.843639                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   581.219348                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev   354.210222                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127         1897      6.97%      6.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255         2096      7.70%     14.67% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383         2027      7.45%     22.12% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511         1564      5.75%     27.86% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639         1721      6.32%     34.19% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767         1408      5.17%     39.36% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895         1409      5.18%     44.54% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023         1192      4.38%     48.91% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151        13905     51.09%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total        27219                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples         9725                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean      16.168843                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean     16.118912                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev      1.588237                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::4-7               3      0.03%      0.03% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::8-11             43      0.44%      0.47% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::12-15            75      0.77%      1.24% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::16-19          9422     96.88%     98.13% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::20-23           138      1.42%     99.55% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::24-27            25      0.26%     99.80% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::28-31             5      0.05%     99.86% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::32-35             4      0.04%     99.90% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::36-39             3      0.03%     99.93% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::40-43             2      0.02%     99.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::44-47             3      0.03%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::76-79             2      0.02%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total          9725                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples         9725                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      16.011311                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     16.010268                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev      0.196314                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16             9688     99.62%     99.62% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::17                2      0.02%     99.64% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::18               13      0.13%     99.77% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::19               11      0.11%     99.89% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::20                7      0.07%     99.96% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::21                3      0.03%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::22                1      0.01%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total          9725                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                   2885107500                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat              5833395000                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                  786210000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     18348.20                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                37098.20                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                       659.15                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                       652.73                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                    659.15                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                    652.73                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                        10.25                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     5.15                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    5.10                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.01                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      26.15                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                   143687                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                  142046                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 91.38                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                91.22                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                      48784.88                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    91.30                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                 98103600                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                 52147095                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy               564060000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy              407655900                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         745558320.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy           1507302300                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy             60324960                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy      2091070650                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy       309019200                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy       1584725580                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy             7420062525                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            486.008730                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime          11796024500                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE     41007500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF     315974000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF   6414127875                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    804682500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT    3105786000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   4585766250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                 96240060                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                 51149010                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy               558647880                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy              405150300                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         748631520.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy           1509842220                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy             68227680                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy      2058427890                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy       322929120                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy       1590249720                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy             7409534880                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            485.319177                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime          11778517500                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE     55563000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF     317304000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF   6423466750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    840920000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT    3115917750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   4514172625                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.branchPred.lookups                1244964                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.condPredicted          1244964                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu0.branchPred.condIncorrect             6024                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBLookups             1237568                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHitPct             0.000000                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu0.branchPred.usedRAS                   3403                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu0.branchPred.RASInCorrect               716                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectLookups        1237568                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectHits           1204430                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectMisses           33138                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu0.branchPredindirectMispredicted         4218                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb.rdAccesses                     345771                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrAccesses                    1231944                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.dtb.rdMisses                          677                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrMisses                         2665                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrAccesses                      47172                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrMisses                          214                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.workload.numSyscalls                   50                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.numCycles                        30534688                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.fetch.icacheStallCycles             67311                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu0.fetch.Insts                       5463527                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu0.fetch.Branches                    1244964                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu0.fetch.predictedBranches           1207833                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu0.fetch.Cycles                     30433097                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu0.fetch.SquashCycles                  12508                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu0.fetch.TlbCycles                         3                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
system.cpu0.fetch.MiscStallCycles                  97                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu0.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles         1024                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu0.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           16                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.cpu0.fetch.CacheLines                    47042                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu0.fetch.IcacheSquashes                 1796                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::samples          30507802                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::mean             0.361315                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::stdev            1.611564                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::0                28902323     94.74%     94.74% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::1                   39338      0.13%     94.87% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::2                   42025      0.14%     95.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::3                  223918      0.73%     95.74% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::4                   26714      0.09%     95.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::5                    8240      0.03%     95.85% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::6                    8791      0.03%     95.88% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::7                   24656      0.08%     95.96% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::8                 1231797      4.04%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::total            30507802                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.branchRate                 0.040772                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.fetch.rate                       0.178929                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.decode.IdleCycles                  394534                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu0.decode.BlockedCycles             28724703                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu0.decode.RunCycles                   619583                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu0.decode.UnblockCycles               762728                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu0.decode.SquashCycles                  6254                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu0.decode.DecodedInsts              10964319                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu0.rename.SquashCycles                  6254                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu0.rename.IdleCycles                  656662                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu0.rename.BlockCycles                 227308                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu0.rename.serializeStallCycles         12882                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu0.rename.RunCycles                  1119140                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu0.rename.UnblockCycles             28485556                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedInsts              10933258                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu0.rename.ROBFullEvents                 1185                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu0.rename.IQFullEvents                 17330                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu0.rename.LQFullEvents                  4788                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu0.rename.SQFullEvents              28207009                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedOperands           13947202                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu0.rename.RenameLookups             23102650                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu0.rename.int_rename_lookups        12558905                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.fp_rename_lookups           302745                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.CommittedMaps             13701936                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu0.rename.UndoneMaps                  245266                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu0.rename.serializingInsts               132                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.tempSerializingInsts           138                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.skidInsts                  4648218                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedLoads              355306                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedStores            1239217                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingLoads            20709                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingStores           15307                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsAdded                  10878009                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu0.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded                796                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsIssued                 10820879                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued             1723                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined         159441                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       231466                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           686                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     30507802                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        0.354692                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       1.224932                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::0           27559655     90.34%     90.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::1             484745      1.59%     91.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::2             508802      1.67%     93.59% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::3             349170      1.14%     94.74% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::4             311075      1.02%     95.76% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::5             970307      3.18%     98.94% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::6             117654      0.39%     99.32% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::7             181891      0.60%     99.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::8              24503      0.08%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       30507802                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                  72446     94.36%     94.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0      0.00%     94.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%     94.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                  487      0.63%     94.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%     94.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%     94.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0      0.00%     94.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0      0.00%     94.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%     94.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0      0.00%     94.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%     94.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%     94.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%     94.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%     94.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%     94.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%     94.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%     94.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%     94.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%     94.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%     94.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%     94.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%     94.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%     94.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%     94.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%     94.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%     94.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%     94.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%     94.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%     94.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     94.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%     94.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemRead                   684      0.89%     95.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                  183      0.24%     96.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead             2798      3.64%     99.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite             179      0.23%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass             4050      0.04%      0.04% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu              9153372     84.59%     84.63% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                  80      0.00%     84.63% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                  278      0.00%     84.63% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd              81622      0.75%     85.38% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     85.38% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     85.38% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     85.38% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     85.38% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0      0.00%     85.38% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0      0.00%     85.38% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     85.38% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     85.38% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     85.38% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     85.38% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     85.38% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     85.38% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0      0.00%     85.38% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     85.38% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     85.38% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     85.38% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     85.38% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     85.38% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     85.38% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     85.38% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     85.38% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     85.38% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     85.38% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0      0.00%     85.38% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     85.38% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.38% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     85.38% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead              301912      2.79%     88.18% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite            1195017     11.04%     99.22% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead          46375      0.43%     99.65% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite         38173      0.35%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::total              10820879                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.rate                          0.354380                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_cnt                      76777                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.007095                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_reads          51856467                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_writes         10833777                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     10617668                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads             371593                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            204650                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses       182132                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.int_alu_accesses              10706120                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_alu_accesses                 187486                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads            2041                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        21924                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           47                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          197                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        12012                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           19                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked          500                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu0.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu0.iew.iewSquashCycles                  6254                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu0.iew.iewBlockCycles                  53859                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewUnblockCycles               136279                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispatchedInsts           10878805                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts              660                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispLoadInsts               355306                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispStoreInsts             1239217                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts               348                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewIQFullEvents                   353                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.iewLSQFullEvents               135763                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           197                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu0.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect          1672                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         5918                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.branchMispredicts                7590                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecutedInsts             10806742                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecLoadInsts               345613                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts            14137                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu0.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_refs                     1577538                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_branches                 1220417                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_stores                   1231925                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_rate                    0.353917                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu0.iew.wb_sent                      10802738                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu0.iew.wb_count                     10799800                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu0.iew.wb_producers                  7892057                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_consumers                 10996293                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_rate                      0.353690                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu0.iew.wb_fanout                    0.717702                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu0.commit.commitSquashedInsts         159669                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu0.commit.commitNonSpecStalls            110                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu0.commit.branchMispredicts             6118                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     30482265                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.351659                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.252142                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     27624657     90.63%     90.63% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       352258      1.16%     91.78% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       324343      1.06%     92.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      1067922      3.50%     96.35% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        80491      0.26%     96.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       633879      2.08%     98.69% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        72157      0.24%     98.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        22111      0.07%     99.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       304447      1.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     30482265                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committedInsts             5294104                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.commit.committedOps              10719364                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu0.commit.refs                       1560587                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu0.commit.loads                       333382                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu0.commit.membars                         40                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu0.commit.branches                   1214187                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu0.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.fp_insts                    178394                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.int_insts                 10623838                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.function_calls                1044                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass         2234      0.02%      0.02% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu         9076651     84.68%     84.70% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntMult             66      0.00%     84.70% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv             220      0.00%     84.70% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd         79606      0.74%     85.44% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     85.44% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     85.44% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.44% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.44% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     85.44% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0      0.00%     85.44% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.44% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     85.44% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.44% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     85.44% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     85.44% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     85.44% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     85.44% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0      0.00%     85.44% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.44% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.44% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.44% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     85.44% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.44% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.44% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.44% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.44% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.44% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     85.44% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.44% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.44% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.44% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemRead         289190      2.70%     88.14% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite       1189527     11.10%     99.24% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead        44192      0.41%     99.65% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite        37678      0.35%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::total         10719364                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.bw_lim_events               304447                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu0.rob.rob_reads                    41056851                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu0.rob.rob_writes                   21784048                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu0.timesIdled                            256                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu0.idleCycles                          26886                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu0.committedInsts                    5294104                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu0.committedOps                     10719364                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu0.cpi                              5.767678                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu0.cpi_total                        5.767678                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu0.ipc                              0.173380                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu0.ipc_total                        0.173380                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_reads                12355131                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_writes                8202978                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_reads                   281860                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_writes                  143269                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_reads                  6088793                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_writes                 5448160                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu0.misc_regfile_reads                4025245                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements           156978                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                1024                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs            1410692                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           156978                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs             8.986559                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data         1024                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          107                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          917                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses          6436762                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses         6436762                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data       339176                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         339176                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.data      1071510                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       1071510                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu0.data      1410686                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total         1410686                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu0.data      1410686                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total        1410686                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data         3554                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         3554                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu0.data       155706                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       155706                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu0.data       159260                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total        159260                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu0.data       159260                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total       159260                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    328644000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    328644000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  14039230997                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  14039230997                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  14367874997                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  14367874997                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  14367874997                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  14367874997                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data       342730                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       342730                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.data      1227216                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      1227216                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu0.data      1569946                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1569946                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu0.data      1569946                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1569946                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.010370                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010370                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.126877                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.126877                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.101443                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.101443                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.101443                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.101443                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 92471.581317                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 92471.581317                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 90164.996834                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 90164.996834                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 90216.469905                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 90216.469905                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 90216.469905                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 90216.469905                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs        12664                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets         1678                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs              152                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              2                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    83.315789                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          839                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       156049                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total           156049                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data         2272                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         2272                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data            8                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.data         2280                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         2280                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.data         2280                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         2280                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         1282                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1282                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       155698                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       155698                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       156980                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       156980                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       156980                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       156980                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    134517000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    134517000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  13882814997                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  13882814997                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  14017331997                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  14017331997                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  14017331997                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  14017331997                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.003741                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003741                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.126871                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.126871                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.099991                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.099991                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.099991                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.099991                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 104927.457098                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104927.457098                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 89165.018157                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 89165.018157                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 89293.744407                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 89293.744407                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 89293.744407                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 89293.744407                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements              582                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse         1021.999396                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs              10859                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs              582                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs            18.658076                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst  1021.999396                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.998046                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.998046                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1022                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          210                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          812                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.998047                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses           188753                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses          188753                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst        46314                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total          46314                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu0.inst        46314                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total           46314                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu0.inst        46314                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total          46314                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.inst          728                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          728                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::cpu0.inst          728                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total           728                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::cpu0.inst          728                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total          728                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     54384999                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     54384999                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     54384999                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     54384999                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     54384999                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     54384999                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst        47042                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total        47042                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst        47042                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total        47042                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst        47042                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total        47042                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.015476                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015476                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.015476                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.015476                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.015476                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.015476                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 74704.668956                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 74704.668956                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 74704.668956                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 74704.668956                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 74704.668956                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 74704.668956                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           24                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           24                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::writebacks          582                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::total              582                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst          143                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          143                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst          143                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total          143                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst          143                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total          143                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          585                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          585                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          585                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          585                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          585                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          585                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     38919000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     38919000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     38919000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     38919000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     38919000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     38919000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.012436                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.012436                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.012436                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.012436                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.012436                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.012436                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 66528.205128                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 66528.205128                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 66528.205128                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 66528.205128                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 66528.205128                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 66528.205128                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.branchPred.lookups                      0                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.condPredicted                0                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu1.branchPred.condIncorrect                0                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBLookups                   0                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHitPct                  nan                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu1.branchPred.usedRAS                      0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu1.branchPred.RASInCorrect                 0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectLookups              0                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectHits                 0                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectMisses               0                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu1.branchPredindirectMispredicted            0                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu1.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::samples                 0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::mean                  nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::stdev                 nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::0                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::1                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::2                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::3                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::4                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::5                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::6                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::7                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::8                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::max_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::total                   0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.idleRate                        nan                       # Percent of cycles fetch was idle
system.cpu1.fetch.branchRate                      nan                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.fetch.rate                            nan                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.rename.serializeStallCycles             0                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu1.rename.serializingInsts                 0                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.tempSerializingInsts             0                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.skidInsts                        0                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedLoads                   0                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedStores                  0                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingLoads                0                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingStores               0                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean             nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev            nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::0                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::1                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::2                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::3                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::4                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::5                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::6                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::7                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::8                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::total              0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemRead                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::total                     0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.rate                               nan                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_cnt                          0                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_rate                       nan                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                  0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads               0                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads            0                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            0                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores            0                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu1.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu1.iew.iewSquashCycles                     0                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu1.iew.iewBlockCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewUnblockCycles                    0                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispatchedInsts                  0                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispStoreInsts                   0                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                 0                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewIQFullEvents                     0                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                    0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             0                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu1.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect             0                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect            0                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.branchMispredicts                   0                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecutedInsts                    0                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu1.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_refs                           0                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_branches                       0                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_stores                         0                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_rate                         nan                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu1.iew.wb_sent                             0                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu1.iew.wb_count                            0                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu1.iew.wb_producers                        0                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_consumers                        0                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_rate                           nan                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu1.iew.wb_fanout                         nan                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::0            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::1            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::2            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::3            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::4            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::5            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::6            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::7            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::8            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::total            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committedInsts                   0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.commit.committedOps                     0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu1.commit.refs                             0                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu1.commit.loads                            0                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu1.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu1.commit.branches                         0                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu1.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.fp_insts                         0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.int_insts                        0                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.function_calls                   0                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntMult              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemRead              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::total                0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.bw_lim_events                    0                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu1.rob.rob_reads                           0                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu1.rob.rob_writes                          0                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu1.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu1.committedOps                            0                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu1.cpi                                   nan                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu1.cpi_total                             nan                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu1.ipc                                   nan                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu1.ipc_total                             nan                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.replacements                    157749                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                        16384                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                      157256                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                    157749                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      0.996875                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks       49.726400                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst        31.432935                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data     16302.840664                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.003035                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst        0.001919                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data        0.995046                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total                   1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         16384                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          107                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          957                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         9542                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         5778                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                   2678589                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                  2678589                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks       156049                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total           156049                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks          582                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total              582                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu0.data                3                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total                    3                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu0.data                18                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                    18                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu0.inst            264                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::total                264                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu0.data            34                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total                34                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.inst                  264                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.data                   52                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                      316                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.inst                 264                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.data                  52                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                     316                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0.data          155677                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total              155677                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu0.inst          317                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total              317                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu0.data         1248                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total            1248                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.inst                317                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.data             156925                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                 157242                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.inst               317                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.data            156925                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                157242                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  13649017500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total   13649017500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     35251500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total     35251500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    132166500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total    132166500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     35251500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  13781184000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total      13816435500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     35251500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  13781184000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total     13816435500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks       156049                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       156049                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks          582                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total          582                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu0.data            3                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total                3                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0.data        155695                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total            155695                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu0.inst          581                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total            581                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu0.data         1282                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total          1282                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst              581                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.data           156977                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total               157558                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst             581                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.data          156977                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total              157558                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.999884                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.999884                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.545611                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total      0.545611                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.973479                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.973479                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst        0.545611                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data        0.999669                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.997994                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst       0.545611                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data       0.999669                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.997994                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 87675.234620                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 87675.234620                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 111203.470032                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total 111203.470032                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 105902.644231                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 105902.644231                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 111203.470032                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 87820.194360                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 87867.335063                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 111203.470032                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 87820.194360                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 87867.335063                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks               155711                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                    155711                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       155677                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total         155677                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          317                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total          317                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         1248                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total         1248                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst           317                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        156925                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total            157242                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          317                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       156925                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total           157242                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  12092237500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  12092237500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     32081500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     32081500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    119686500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    119686500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     32081500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  12211924000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  12244005500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     32081500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  12211924000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  12244005500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.999884                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999884                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.545611                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.545611                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.973479                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.973479                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.545611                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.999669                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.997994                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.545611                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.999669                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.997994                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 77675.170385                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77675.170385                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 101203.470032                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 101203.470032                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 95902.644231                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 95902.644231                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 101203.470032                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 77820.130636                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77867.271467                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 101203.470032                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 77820.130636                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77867.271467                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests        314356                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       157124                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp               1565                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       155711                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict             1403                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq            155677                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp           155678                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq          1565                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       471599                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total       471599                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 471599                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     20029056                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total     20029056                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                20029056                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples            157242                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                  157242    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total              157242                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer4.occupancy           937709000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer4.utilization               6.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy          827031750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              5.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests       315125                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       157560                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests           87                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops            720                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops          720                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp              1867                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       311760                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean          582                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict            2967                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq               3                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp              3                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq           155695                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp          155696                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq           585                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq         1282                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side         1748                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       470939                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total                472687                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        74432                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     20033728                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total               20108160                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                          157753                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                   9965760                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples           315314                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.002559                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.050525                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                 314507     99.74%     99.74% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                    807      0.26%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::5                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::6                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::7                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::8                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total             315314                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy          314193500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              2.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy            877500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy         235468500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             1.5                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
