
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.015267                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 15267344125                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               9694763519375                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                              141362746                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                263530816                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              356827848                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1248940                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                    42.79                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  6048386790                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   11275507061                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.data       12750016                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total           12750016                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks        18624                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total           18624                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.data          199219                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total              199219                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks           291                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total                291                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.data         835116828                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total             835116828                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks         1219859                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total              1219859                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks         1219859                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.data        835116828                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total            836336687                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                      199219                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                        291                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                    199219                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                      291                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM               12747072                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                    2944                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                   18432                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                12750016                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys                18624                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                     46                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     7                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0             12257                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1             12112                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2             12343                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3             12559                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4             12393                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5             12393                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6             12618                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7             12611                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8             12446                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9             12448                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10            12609                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11            12492                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12            12573                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13            12499                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14            12515                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15            12305                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3               107                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4                 6                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8                15                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12                6                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13               62                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14               92                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                   15267346000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                199219                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6                  291                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                  150162                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                   46031                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                    2959                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                      21                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                     17                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                     17                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                     17                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                     17                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                     18                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                     18                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                     18                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                     18                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                     18                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                     18                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                     18                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                     18                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                     18                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                     18                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                     18                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                     18                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples        97311                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    131.187800                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   112.721443                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev    78.077674                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127        40146     41.26%     41.26% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255        45619     46.88%     88.13% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383         9930     10.20%     98.34% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511         1415      1.45%     99.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639          172      0.18%     99.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767           15      0.02%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895            4      0.00%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023            1      0.00%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151            9      0.01%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total        97311                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples           18                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean   11329.333333                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean  11043.818546                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev   2553.888431                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::6144-7167            1      5.56%      5.56% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::7168-8191            1      5.56%     11.11% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::8192-9215            1      5.56%     16.67% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::9216-10239            4     22.22%     38.89% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::10240-11263            2     11.11%     50.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::11264-12287            2     11.11%     61.11% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::12288-13311            3     16.67%     77.78% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::13312-14335            3     16.67%     94.44% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::16384-17407            1      5.56%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total            18                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples           18                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean             16                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     16.000000                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16               18    100.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total            18                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                   4789081000                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat              8523574750                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                  995865000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     24044.83                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                42794.83                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                       834.92                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                         1.21                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                    835.12                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                      1.22                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         6.53                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     6.52                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.32                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      25.14                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                   101900                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                     251                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 51.16                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                88.38                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                      76524.21                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    51.21                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                346818360                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                184338330                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy               708902040                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy                 589860                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         1205309040.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy           1644228270                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy             24484320                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy      5159983710                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy       108312960                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy                0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy             9382966890                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            614.577546                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime          11598157750                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE      9564000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF     509860000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    282057500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT    3149354250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  11316508375                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                347975040                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                184956915                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy               713193180                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy                 913500                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         1205309040.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy           1650579210                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy             24606240                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy      5150066850                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy       111193920                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy                0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy             9388793895                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            614.959211                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime          11584382500                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE      9834000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF     509860000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    289767500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT    3163261000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  11294621625                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.branchPred.lookups                1368548                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.condPredicted          1368548                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu0.branchPred.condIncorrect            55952                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBLookups             1043761                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHitPct             0.000000                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu0.branchPred.usedRAS                  37434                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu0.branchPred.RASInCorrect              6010                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectLookups        1043761                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectHits            585255                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectMisses          458506                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu0.branchPredindirectMispredicted        16436                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb.rdAccesses                     645177                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrAccesses                      35905                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.dtb.rdMisses                       133582                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrMisses                          754                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrAccesses                    1136497                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrMisses                         5019                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.workload.numSyscalls                    0                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.numCycles                        30534688                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.fetch.icacheStallCycles           1160506                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu0.fetch.Insts                       3962677                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu0.fetch.Branches                    1368548                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu0.fetch.predictedBranches            622689                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu0.fetch.Cycles                     29189932                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu0.fetch.SquashCycles                 115270                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu0.fetch.TlbCycles                      2965                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
system.cpu0.fetch.MiscStallCycles                1100                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu0.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles        49879                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu0.fetch.CacheLines                  1131478                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu0.fetch.IcacheSquashes                 5285                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.ItlbSquashes                      9                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::samples          30462017                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::mean             0.261649                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::stdev            1.290071                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::0                28912613     94.91%     94.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::1                   14560      0.05%     94.96% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::2                  570942      1.87%     96.84% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::3                   20374      0.07%     96.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::4                  111192      0.37%     97.27% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::5                   60471      0.20%     97.47% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::6                   74863      0.25%     97.71% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::7                   19527      0.06%     97.78% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::8                  677475      2.22%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::total            30462017                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.branchRate                 0.044819                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.fetch.rate                       0.129776                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.decode.IdleCycles                  563545                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu0.decode.BlockedCycles             28849405                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu0.decode.RunCycles                   711877                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu0.decode.UnblockCycles               279555                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu0.decode.SquashCycles                 57635                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu0.decode.DecodedInsts               6473525                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu0.rename.SquashCycles                 57635                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu0.rename.IdleCycles                  643150                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu0.rename.BlockCycles               27603084                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu0.rename.serializeStallCycles         15434                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu0.rename.RunCycles                   838825                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu0.rename.UnblockCycles              1303889                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedInsts               6208370                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu0.rename.ROBFullEvents                91645                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu0.rename.IQFullEvents                951793                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu0.rename.LQFullEvents                310116                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu0.rename.SQFullEvents                   372                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedOperands            7414558                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu0.rename.RenameLookups             17312740                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu0.rename.int_rename_lookups         8096270                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.fp_rename_lookups            25315                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.CommittedMaps              2586062                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu0.rename.UndoneMaps                 4828497                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu0.rename.serializingInsts               214                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.tempSerializingInsts           265                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.skidInsts                  1816063                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedLoads             1140281                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedStores              52655                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingLoads             3223                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingStores            3063                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsAdded                   5919424                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu0.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded               2794                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsIssued                  4227234                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued             4335                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined        3765194                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      7811965                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          2794                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     30462017                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        0.138771                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       0.672287                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::0           28679556     94.15%     94.15% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::1             729746      2.40%     96.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::2             381486      1.25%     97.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::3             254071      0.83%     98.63% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::4             254032      0.83%     99.46% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::5              70031      0.23%     99.69% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::6              59966      0.20%     99.89% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::7              18808      0.06%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::8              14321      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       30462017                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                   7129     61.47%     61.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0      0.00%     61.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%     61.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                  744      6.42%     67.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%     67.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%     67.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0      0.00%     67.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0      0.00%     67.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%     67.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0      0.00%     67.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%     67.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%     67.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%     67.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%     67.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%     67.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%     67.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%     67.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%     67.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%     67.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%     67.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%     67.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%     67.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%     67.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%     67.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%     67.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%     67.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%     67.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%     67.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%     67.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     67.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%     67.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemRead                  3412     29.42%     97.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                  181      1.56%     98.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead               55      0.47%     99.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite              76      0.66%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            13525      0.32%      0.32% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu              3485897     82.46%     82.78% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                 641      0.02%     82.80% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                 6190      0.15%     82.94% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd               9584      0.23%     83.17% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     83.17% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     83.17% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     83.17% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     83.17% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0      0.00%     83.17% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0      0.00%     83.17% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     83.17% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     83.17% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     83.17% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     83.17% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     83.17% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     83.17% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0      0.00%     83.17% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     83.17% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     83.17% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     83.17% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     83.17% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     83.17% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     83.17% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     83.17% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     83.17% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     83.17% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     83.17% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0      0.00%     83.17% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     83.17% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     83.17% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     83.17% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead              671202     15.88%     99.05% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite              38409      0.91%     99.96% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead           1469      0.03%     99.99% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite           317      0.01%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::total               4227234                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.rate                          0.138440                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_cnt                      11597                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.002743                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_reads          38908604                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_writes          9666248                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      4062394                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads              23813                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes             21166                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses        10541                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.int_alu_accesses               4213040                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_alu_accesses                  12266                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads            2737                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       725173                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          111                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            4                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        34785                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           22                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked         1092                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu0.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu0.iew.iewSquashCycles                 57635                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu0.iew.iewBlockCycles               25692189                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewUnblockCycles               272693                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispatchedInsts            5922218                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts             4080                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispLoadInsts              1140281                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispStoreInsts               52655                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts              1060                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewIQFullEvents                 15417                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                79532                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             4                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu0.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         31202                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        31922                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.branchMispredicts               63124                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecutedInsts              4158640                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecLoadInsts               645023                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts            68594                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu0.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_refs                      680917                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_branches                  501288                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_stores                     35894                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_rate                    0.136194                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu0.iew.wb_sent                       4085961                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu0.iew.wb_count                      4072935                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu0.iew.wb_producers                  2983133                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_consumers                  4708922                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_rate                      0.133387                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu0.iew.wb_fanout                    0.633507                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu0.commit.commitSquashedInsts        3765902                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu0.commit.branchMispredicts            57634                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     29928709                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.072072                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     0.480705                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     28957167     96.75%     96.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       457532      1.53%     98.28% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       106817      0.36%     98.64% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       296694      0.99%     99.63% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        51130      0.17%     99.80% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        24417      0.08%     99.88% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         3747      0.01%     99.90% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         2951      0.01%     99.91% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        28254      0.09%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     29928709                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committedInsts             1079799                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.commit.committedOps               2157024                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu0.commit.refs                        432978                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu0.commit.loads                       415108                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu0.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu0.commit.branches                    394768                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu0.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.fp_insts                      7254                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.int_insts                  2149774                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.function_calls                3150                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass         2144      0.10%      0.10% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu         1710422     79.30%     79.39% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntMult            126      0.01%     79.40% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv            5174      0.24%     79.64% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd          6180      0.29%     79.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     79.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     79.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     79.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0      0.00%     79.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     79.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     79.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     79.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     79.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     79.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0      0.00%     79.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     79.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     79.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemRead         414034     19.19%     99.12% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite         17870      0.83%     99.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead         1074      0.05%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::total          2157024                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.bw_lim_events                28254                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu0.rob.rob_reads                    35823381                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu0.rob.rob_writes                   12380104                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu0.timesIdled                            516                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu0.idleCycles                          72671                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu0.committedInsts                    1079799                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu0.committedOps                      2157024                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu0.cpi                             28.278122                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu0.cpi_total                       28.278122                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu0.ipc                              0.035363                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu0.ipc_total                        0.035363                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_reads                 4111670                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_writes                3538878                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_reads                    18832                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_writes                    9320                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_reads                  2641150                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_writes                 1127655                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu0.misc_regfile_reads                2207281                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements           221777                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                1024                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs             262279                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           221777                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs             1.182625                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data         1024                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          135                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          786                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          103                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses          2850057                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses         2850057                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data       243443                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         243443                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.data        17131                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         17131                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu0.data       260574                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total          260574                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu0.data       260574                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total         260574                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data       395757                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       395757                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu0.data          739                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          739                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu0.data       396496                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total        396496                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu0.data       396496                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total       396496                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  34724876500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  34724876500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data     25493998                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     25493998                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  34750370498                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  34750370498                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  34750370498                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  34750370498                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data       639200                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       639200                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.data        17870                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        17870                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu0.data       657070                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total       657070                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu0.data       657070                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total       657070                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.619144                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.619144                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.041354                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.041354                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.603430                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.603430                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.603430                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.603430                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 87742.924320                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 87742.924320                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 34497.967524                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 34497.967524                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 87643.684925                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 87643.684925                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 87643.684925                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 87643.684925                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs        13091                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets           40                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs              650                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    20.140000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets           40                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         1813                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total             1813                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       174715                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       174715                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data            4                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            4                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       174719                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       174719                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       174719                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       174719                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       221042                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       221042                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data          735                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          735                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       221777                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       221777                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       221777                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       221777                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  19374746000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  19374746000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     24494998                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     24494998                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  19399240998                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  19399240998                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  19399240998                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  19399240998                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.345810                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.345810                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.041130                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.041130                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.337524                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.337524                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.337524                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.337524                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 87651.876114                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 87651.876114                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 33326.527891                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 33326.527891                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 87471.834311                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 87471.834311                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 87471.834311                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 87471.834311                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse                1023                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst         1023                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.999023                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999023                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1023                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         1023                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.999023                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses          4525912                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses         4525912                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst      1131478                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        1131478                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu0.inst      1131478                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total         1131478                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu0.inst      1131478                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total        1131478                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst      1131478                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1131478                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst      1131478                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total      1131478                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst      1131478                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total      1131478                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.branchPred.lookups                      0                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.condPredicted                0                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu1.branchPred.condIncorrect                0                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBLookups                   0                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHitPct                  nan                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu1.branchPred.usedRAS                      0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu1.branchPred.RASInCorrect                 0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectLookups              0                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectHits                 0                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectMisses               0                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu1.branchPredindirectMispredicted            0                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu1.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::samples                 0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::mean                  nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::stdev                 nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::0                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::1                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::2                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::3                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::4                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::5                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::6                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::7                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::8                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::max_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::total                   0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.idleRate                        nan                       # Percent of cycles fetch was idle
system.cpu1.fetch.branchRate                      nan                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.fetch.rate                            nan                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.rename.serializeStallCycles             0                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu1.rename.serializingInsts                 0                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.tempSerializingInsts             0                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.skidInsts                        0                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedLoads                   0                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedStores                  0                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingLoads                0                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingStores               0                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean             nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev            nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::0                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::1                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::2                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::3                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::4                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::5                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::6                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::7                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::8                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::total              0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemRead                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::total                     0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.rate                               nan                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_cnt                          0                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_rate                       nan                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                  0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads               0                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads            0                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            0                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores            0                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu1.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu1.iew.iewSquashCycles                     0                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu1.iew.iewBlockCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewUnblockCycles                    0                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispatchedInsts                  0                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispStoreInsts                   0                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                 0                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewIQFullEvents                     0                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                    0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             0                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu1.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect             0                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect            0                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.branchMispredicts                   0                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecutedInsts                    0                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu1.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_refs                           0                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_branches                       0                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_stores                         0                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_rate                         nan                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu1.iew.wb_sent                             0                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu1.iew.wb_count                            0                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu1.iew.wb_producers                        0                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_consumers                        0                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_rate                           nan                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu1.iew.wb_fanout                         nan                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::0            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::1            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::2            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::3            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::4            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::5            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::6            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::7            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::8            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::total            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committedInsts                   0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.commit.committedOps                     0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu1.commit.refs                             0                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu1.commit.loads                            0                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu1.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu1.commit.branches                         0                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu1.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.fp_insts                         0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.int_insts                        0                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.function_calls                   0                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntMult              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemRead              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::total                0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.bw_lim_events                    0                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu1.rob.rob_reads                           0                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu1.rob.rob_writes                          0                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu1.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu1.committedOps                            0                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu1.cpi                                   nan                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu1.cpi_total                             nan                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu1.ipc                                   nan                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu1.ipc_total                             nan                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.replacements                    199224                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                        16384                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                      235032                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                    199224                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      1.179737                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks       12.840903                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data     16371.159097                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.000784                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data        0.999216                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total                   1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         16384                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          134                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1         1189                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2        10410                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         4625                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           26                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                   3745504                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                  3745504                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks         1813                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total             1813                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu0.data               564                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                   564                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu0.data         21994                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total             21994                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.data                22558                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                    22558                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.data               22558                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                   22558                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0.data             171                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                 171                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu0.data       199048                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total          199048                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.data             199219                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                 199219                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.data            199219                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                199219                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data     17186500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      17186500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  18789021500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total  18789021500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  18806208000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total      18806208000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  18806208000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total     18806208000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks         1813                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         1813                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0.data           735                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total               735                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu0.data       221042                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total        221042                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.data           221777                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total               221777                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.data          221777                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total              221777                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.232653                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.232653                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.900499                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.900499                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data        0.898285                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.898285                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data       0.898285                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.898285                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 100505.847953                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 100505.847953                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 94394.424963                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 94394.424963                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 94399.670714                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 94399.670714                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 94399.670714                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 94399.670714                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                  291                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                       291                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::writebacks            1                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::total             1                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data          171                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            171                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       199048                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total       199048                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        199219                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total            199219                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       199219                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total           199219                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     15476500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     15476500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  16798541500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  16798541500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  16814018000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  16814018000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  16814018000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  16814018000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::writebacks          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.232653                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.232653                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.900499                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.900499                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.898285                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.898285                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.898285                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.898285                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 90505.847953                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 90505.847953                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 84394.424963                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84394.424963                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 84399.670714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84399.670714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 84399.670714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84399.670714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests        398432                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       199219                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             199048                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          291                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict           198922                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq               171                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp              171                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        199048                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       597651                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total       597651                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 597651                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     12768640                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total     12768640                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                12768640                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples            199219                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                  199219    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total              199219                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer4.occupancy           470361500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer4.utilization               3.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy         1075614250                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              7.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests       443554                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       221774                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests          499                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops             12                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops           12                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp            221042                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         2104                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict          418897                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq              735                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp             735                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       221042                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       665331                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total                665331                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     14309760                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total               14309760                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                          199224                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                     18624                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples           421001                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.001207                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.034716                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                 420493     99.88%     99.88% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                    508      0.12%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::5                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::6                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::7                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::8                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total             421001                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy          223590000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              1.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy         332665500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             2.2                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
