
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.015267                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 15267344125                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               9252010539750                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                              150412526                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                280295454                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              381674627                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1248940                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                    40.00                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  6016639951                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   11212079544                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.data       12369920                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total           12369920                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks        20096                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total           20096                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.data          193280                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total              193280                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks           314                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total                314                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.data         810220815                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total             810220815                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks         1316273                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total              1316273                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks         1316273                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.data        810220815                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total            811537088                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                      193278                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                        314                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                    193278                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                      314                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM               12367040                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                    2752                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                   19456                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                12369792                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys                20096                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                     43                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     5                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0             12091                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1             12075                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2             12204                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3             12396                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4             12519                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5             12358                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6             12210                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7             12223                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8             12423                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9             12003                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10            11657                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11            11841                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12            11680                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13            11940                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14            11939                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15            11676                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3                88                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4                29                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8                89                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9                88                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10               10                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                   15267309000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                193278                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6                  314                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                  148754                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                   42378                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                    2095                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                       8                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                     19                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                     19                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                     19                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                     19                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                     19                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                     19                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                     19                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                     19                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                     19                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                     20                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                     20                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                     20                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                     20                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                     20                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                     19                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                     19                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples        96776                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    127.984790                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   110.119570                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev    76.377515                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127        41811     43.20%     43.20% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255        44323     45.80%     89.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383         9205      9.51%     98.52% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511         1249      1.29%     99.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639          159      0.16%     99.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767           15      0.02%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895            4      0.00%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023            4      0.00%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151            6      0.01%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total        96776                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples           19                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean   10180.736842                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean   9916.593474                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev   2359.019284                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::6656-7167            2     10.53%     10.53% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::7168-7679            3     15.79%     26.32% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::7680-8191            1      5.26%     31.58% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::9216-9727            3     15.79%     47.37% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::9728-10239            1      5.26%     52.63% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::10240-10751            2     10.53%     63.16% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::10752-11263            1      5.26%     68.42% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::11776-12287            1      5.26%     73.68% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::12288-12799            2     10.53%     84.21% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::12800-13311            1      5.26%     89.47% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::13312-13823            1      5.26%     94.74% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::13824-14335            1      5.26%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total            19                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples           19                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean             16                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     16.000000                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16               19    100.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total            19                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                   4730610000                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat              8353766250                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                  966175000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     24481.12                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                43231.12                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                       810.03                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                         1.27                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                    810.21                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                      1.32                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         6.34                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     6.33                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.30                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      25.74                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                    96501                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                     261                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 49.94                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                84.47                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                      78863.33                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    49.99                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                349010340                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                185499600                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy               700269780                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy                 610740                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         1205309040.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy           1645743330                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy             24421440                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy      5175486570                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy        93418080                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy     944040.000000                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy             9380712960                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            614.429915                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime          11594816750                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE      9756000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF     509866000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF      1632500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    243464750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT    3152790875                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  11349834000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                341977440                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                181765320                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy               679435260                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy                 976140                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         1205309040.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy           1611927510                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy             24601440                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy      5180794410                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy       116007840                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy          1717140                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy             9344511540                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            612.058749                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime          11668859625                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE      9876000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF     509866000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF      4853750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    302164000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT    3078740500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  11361843875                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.branchPred.lookups                1083750                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.condPredicted          1083750                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu0.branchPred.condIncorrect            39837                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBLookups              842562                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHitPct             0.000000                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu0.branchPred.usedRAS                  28114                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu0.branchPred.RASInCorrect              4392                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectLookups         842562                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectHits            472672                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectMisses          369890                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu0.branchPredindirectMispredicted        12996                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb.rdAccesses                     572315                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrAccesses                      33266                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.dtb.rdMisses                       141241                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrMisses                          606                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrAccesses                     915758                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrMisses                         2532                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.workload.numSyscalls                    0                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.numCycles                        30534688                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.fetch.icacheStallCycles            933639                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu0.fetch.Insts                       3135116                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu0.fetch.Branches                    1083750                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu0.fetch.predictedBranches            500786                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu0.fetch.Cycles                     29491149                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu0.fetch.SquashCycles                  81330                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu0.fetch.TlbCycles                      3692                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
system.cpu0.fetch.MiscStallCycles                 570                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu0.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles        24963                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu0.fetch.CacheLines                   913226                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu0.fetch.IcacheSquashes                 4314                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.ItlbSquashes                      6                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::samples          30494678                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::mean             0.206838                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::stdev            1.143874                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::0                29243950     95.90%     95.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::1                   11665      0.04%     95.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::2                  473635      1.55%     97.49% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::3                   18192      0.06%     97.55% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::4                   95896      0.31%     97.86% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::5                   44979      0.15%     98.01% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::6                   75282      0.25%     98.26% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::7                   14844      0.05%     98.31% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::8                  516235      1.69%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::total            30494678                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.branchRate                 0.035492                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.fetch.rate                       0.102674                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.decode.IdleCycles                  422676                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu0.decode.BlockedCycles             29242243                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu0.decode.RunCycles                   519254                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu0.decode.UnblockCycles               269840                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu0.decode.SquashCycles                 40665                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu0.decode.DecodedInsts               5278861                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu0.rename.SquashCycles                 40665                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu0.rename.IdleCycles                  498877                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu0.rename.BlockCycles               28124177                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu0.rename.serializeStallCycles         10512                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu0.rename.RunCycles                   645040                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu0.rename.UnblockCycles              1175407                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedInsts               5083586                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu0.rename.ROBFullEvents                51959                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu0.rename.IQFullEvents                976460                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu0.rename.LQFullEvents                143225                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu0.rename.SQFullEvents                   429                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedOperands            6085262                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu0.rename.RenameLookups             14189073                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu0.rename.int_rename_lookups         6623552                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.fp_rename_lookups            25256                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.CommittedMaps              2657451                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu0.rename.UndoneMaps                 3427814                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu0.rename.serializingInsts               191                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.tempSerializingInsts           241                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.skidInsts                  1774035                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedLoads              915633                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedStores              48996                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingLoads             3384                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingStores            3403                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsAdded                   4859394                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu0.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded               2997                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsIssued                  3662042                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued             5618                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined        2653407                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      5494610                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          2997                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     30494678                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        0.120088                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       0.612333                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::0           28854577     94.62%     94.62% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::1             727753      2.39%     97.01% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::2             359790      1.18%     98.19% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::3             242324      0.79%     98.98% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::4             180311      0.59%     99.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::5              54245      0.18%     99.75% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::6              46901      0.15%     99.91% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::7              16354      0.05%     99.96% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::8              12423      0.04%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       30494678                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                   7739     63.93%     63.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0      0.00%     63.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%     63.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                  759      6.27%     70.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%     70.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%     70.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0      0.00%     70.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0      0.00%     70.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%     70.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0      0.00%     70.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%     70.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%     70.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%     70.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%     70.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%     70.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%     70.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%     70.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%     70.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%     70.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%     70.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%     70.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%     70.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%     70.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%     70.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%     70.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%     70.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%     70.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%     70.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%     70.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     70.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%     70.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemRead                  3313     27.37%     97.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                  188      1.55%     99.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead               93      0.77%     99.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite              13      0.11%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            10499      0.29%      0.29% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu              3005541     82.07%     82.36% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                 715      0.02%     82.38% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                 6865      0.19%     82.57% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd               9632      0.26%     82.83% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     82.83% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     82.83% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     82.83% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     82.83% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0      0.00%     82.83% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0      0.00%     82.83% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     82.83% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     82.83% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     82.83% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     82.83% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     82.83% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     82.83% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0      0.00%     82.83% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     82.83% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     82.83% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     82.83% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     82.83% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     82.83% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     82.83% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     82.83% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     82.83% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     82.83% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     82.83% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0      0.00%     82.83% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     82.83% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     82.83% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     82.83% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead              591022     16.14%     98.97% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite              35882      0.98%     99.95% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead           1853      0.05%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite            33      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::total               3662042                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.rate                          0.119931                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_cnt                      12105                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.003306                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_reads          37812368                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_writes          7494399                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      3537196                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads              24117                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes             21404                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses        10652                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.int_alu_accesses               3651228                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_alu_accesses                  12420                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads            3339                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       498490                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           69                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            5                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        29438                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           23                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked         1344                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu0.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu0.iew.iewSquashCycles                 40665                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu0.iew.iewBlockCycles               26577737                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewUnblockCycles               236514                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispatchedInsts            4862391                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts             2675                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispLoadInsts               915633                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispStoreInsts               48996                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts              1107                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewIQFullEvents                 10375                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                33450                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             5                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu0.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         22132                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        23032                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.branchMispredicts               45164                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecutedInsts              3609335                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecLoadInsts               572072                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts            52707                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu0.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_refs                      605324                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_branches                  480014                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_stores                     33252                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_rate                    0.118204                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu0.iew.wb_sent                       3558564                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu0.iew.wb_count                      3547848                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu0.iew.wb_producers                  2487790                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_consumers                  4141139                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_rate                      0.116191                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu0.iew.wb_fanout                    0.600750                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu0.commit.commitSquashedInsts        2653687                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu0.commit.branchMispredicts            40663                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     30120630                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.073338                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     0.480522                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     29113762     96.66%     96.66% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       467369      1.55%     98.21% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       122565      0.41%     98.62% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       324720      1.08%     99.69% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        36881      0.12%     99.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        19414      0.06%     99.88% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         3400      0.01%     99.89% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         2819      0.01%     99.90% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        29700      0.10%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     30120630                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committedInsts             1106763                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.commit.committedOps               2208986                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu0.commit.refs                        436702                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu0.commit.loads                       417144                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu0.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu0.commit.branches                    403371                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu0.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.fp_insts                      7926                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.int_insts                  2200972                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.function_calls                3450                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass         2428      0.11%      0.11% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu         1756976     79.54%     79.65% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntMult            138      0.01%     79.65% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv            5986      0.27%     79.92% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd          6756      0.31%     80.23% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     80.23% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     80.23% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     80.23% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.23% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     80.23% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0      0.00%     80.23% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     80.23% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     80.23% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     80.23% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     80.23% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     80.23% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     80.23% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     80.23% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0      0.00%     80.23% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.23% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     80.23% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     80.23% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     80.23% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     80.23% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     80.23% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     80.23% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     80.23% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     80.23% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     80.23% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     80.23% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.23% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     80.23% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemRead         415974     18.83%     99.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite         19558      0.89%     99.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead         1170      0.05%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::total          2208986                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.bw_lim_events                29700                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu0.rob.rob_reads                    34953603                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu0.rob.rob_writes                   10100415                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu0.timesIdled                            290                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu0.idleCycles                          40010                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu0.committedInsts                    1106763                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu0.committedOps                      2208986                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu0.cpi                             27.589184                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu0.cpi_total                       27.589184                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu0.ipc                              0.036246                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu0.ipc_total                        0.036246                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_reads                 3764875                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_writes                3039432                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_reads                    18793                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_writes                    9324                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_reads                  2571791                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_writes                 1074649                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu0.misc_regfile_reads                1925503                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements           228630                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                1024                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs             193077                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           228630                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs             0.844495                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data         1024                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          141                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          791                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           92                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses          2566918                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses         2566918                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data       172835                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         172835                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.data        18759                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         18759                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu0.data       191594                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total          191594                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu0.data       191594                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total         191594                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data       392179                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       392179                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu0.data          799                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          799                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu0.data       392978                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total        392978                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu0.data       392978                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total       392978                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  33056772000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  33056772000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data     28089000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     28089000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  33084861000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  33084861000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  33084861000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  33084861000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data       565014                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       565014                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.data        19558                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        19558                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu0.data       584572                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total       584572                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu0.data       584572                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total       584572                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.694105                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.694105                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.040853                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.040853                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.672249                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.672249                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.672249                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.672249                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 84290.010429                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 84290.010429                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 35155.193992                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 35155.193992                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 84190.109879                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 84190.109879                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 84190.109879                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 84190.109879                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs        12489                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs              749                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    16.674232                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         2060                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total             2060                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       164344                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       164344                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data            4                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            4                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       164348                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       164348                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       164348                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       164348                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       227835                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       227835                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data          795                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          795                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       228630                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       228630                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       228630                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       228630                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  19049082000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  19049082000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     26988000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     26988000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  19076070000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  19076070000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  19076070000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  19076070000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.403238                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.403238                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.040648                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.040648                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.391107                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.391107                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.391107                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.391107                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 83609.111857                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 83609.111857                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 33947.169811                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 33947.169811                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 83436.425666                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 83436.425666                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 83436.425666                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 83436.425666                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse                1021                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst         1021                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.997070                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.997070                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1021                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         1021                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.997070                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses          3652904                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses         3652904                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst       913226                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total         913226                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu0.inst       913226                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total          913226                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu0.inst       913226                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total         913226                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst       913226                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       913226                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst       913226                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total       913226                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst       913226                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total       913226                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.branchPred.lookups                      0                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.condPredicted                0                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu1.branchPred.condIncorrect                0                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBLookups                   0                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHitPct                  nan                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu1.branchPred.usedRAS                      0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu1.branchPred.RASInCorrect                 0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectLookups              0                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectHits                 0                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectMisses               0                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu1.branchPredindirectMispredicted            0                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu1.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::samples                 0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::mean                  nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::stdev                 nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::0                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::1                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::2                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::3                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::4                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::5                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::6                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::7                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::8                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::max_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::total                   0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.idleRate                        nan                       # Percent of cycles fetch was idle
system.cpu1.fetch.branchRate                      nan                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.fetch.rate                            nan                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.rename.serializeStallCycles             0                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu1.rename.serializingInsts                 0                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.tempSerializingInsts             0                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.skidInsts                        0                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedLoads                   0                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedStores                  0                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingLoads                0                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingStores               0                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean             nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev            nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::0                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::1                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::2                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::3                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::4                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::5                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::6                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::7                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::8                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::total              0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemRead                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::total                     0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.rate                               nan                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_cnt                          0                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_rate                       nan                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                  0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads               0                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads            0                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            0                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores            0                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu1.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu1.iew.iewSquashCycles                     0                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu1.iew.iewBlockCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewUnblockCycles                    0                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispatchedInsts                  0                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispStoreInsts                   0                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                 0                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewIQFullEvents                     0                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                    0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             0                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu1.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect             0                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect            0                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.branchMispredicts                   0                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecutedInsts                    0                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu1.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_refs                           0                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_branches                       0                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_stores                         0                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_rate                         nan                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu1.iew.wb_sent                             0                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu1.iew.wb_count                            0                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu1.iew.wb_producers                        0                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_consumers                        0                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_rate                           nan                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu1.iew.wb_fanout                         nan                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::0            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::1            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::2            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::3            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::4            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::5            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::6            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::7            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::8            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::total            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committedInsts                   0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.commit.committedOps                     0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu1.commit.refs                             0                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu1.commit.loads                            0                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu1.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu1.commit.branches                         0                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu1.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.fp_insts                         0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.int_insts                        0                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.function_calls                   0                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntMult              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemRead              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::total                0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.bw_lim_events                    0                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu1.rob.rob_reads                           0                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu1.rob.rob_writes                          0                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu1.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu1.committedOps                            0                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu1.cpi                                   nan                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu1.cpi_total                             nan                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu1.ipc                                   nan                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu1.ipc_total                             nan                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.replacements                    193281                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                        16384                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                      260287                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                    193281                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      1.346677                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks       12.990191                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data     16371.009809                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.000793                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data        0.999207                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total                   1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         16384                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          141                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1         1207                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2        10873                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         4133                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           30                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                   3848465                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                  3848465                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks         2060                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total             2060                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu0.data               611                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                   611                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu0.data         34741                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total             34741                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.data                35352                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                    35352                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.data               35352                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                   35352                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0.data             184                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                 184                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu0.data       193094                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total          193094                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.data             193278                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                 193278                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.data            193278                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                193278                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data     19102000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      19102000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  18315222500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total  18315222500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  18334324500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total      18334324500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  18334324500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total     18334324500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks         2060                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         2060                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0.data           795                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total               795                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu0.data       227835                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total        227835                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.data           228630                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total               228630                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.data          228630                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total              228630                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.231447                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.231447                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.847517                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.847517                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data        0.845375                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.845375                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data       0.845375                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.845375                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 103815.217391                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 103815.217391                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 94851.328886                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 94851.328886                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 94859.862478                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 94859.862478                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 94859.862478                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 94859.862478                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                  314                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                       314                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data          184                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            184                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       193094                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total       193094                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        193278                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total            193278                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       193278                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total           193278                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     17262000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     17262000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  16384282500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  16384282500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  16401544500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  16401544500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  16401544500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  16401544500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.231447                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.231447                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.847517                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.847517                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.845375                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.845375                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.845375                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.845375                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 93815.217391                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 93815.217391                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 84851.328886                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84851.328886                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 84859.862478                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84859.862478                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 84859.862478                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84859.862478                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests        386550                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       193278                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             193094                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          314                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict           192958                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq               184                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp              184                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        193094                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       579828                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total       579828                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 579828                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     12389888                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total     12389888                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                12389888                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples            193278                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                  193278    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total              193278                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer4.occupancy           458727000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer4.utilization               3.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy         1044786750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              6.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests       457260                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       228629                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests          604                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops              9                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            9                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp            227835                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         2374                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict          419537                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq              795                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp             795                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       227835                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       685890                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total                685890                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     14764160                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total               14764160                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                          193281                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                     20096                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples           421911                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.001451                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.038058                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                 421299     99.85%     99.85% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                    612      0.15%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::5                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::6                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::7                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::8                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total             421911                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy          230690000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              1.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy         342945000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             2.2                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
