
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                 10.993803                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                10993803493000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               10993803493000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  82651                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   154841                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              141739167                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1247320                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                 77563.62                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  6410677656                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   12010048904                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10993803493000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.inst        1155712                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.data     7172716352                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total         7173872064                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu0.inst      1155712                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total       1155712                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks    603032000                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total       603032000                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.inst           18058                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.data       112073693                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total           112091751                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks       9422375                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total            9422375                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.inst            105124                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.data         652432650                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total             652537774                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu0.inst       105124                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total           105124                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks        54851990                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total             54851990                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks        54851990                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.inst           105124                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.data        652432650                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total            707389765                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                   112091751                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                    9422375                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                 112091751                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                  9422375                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM             7171598784                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                 2273280                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten               602923456                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys              7173872064                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys            603032000                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                  35520                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                  1664                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0           6989279                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1           6990759                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2           6979580                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3           6963838                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4           6930790                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5           6936510                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6           6913283                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7           6916041                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8           6895713                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9           6882025                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10          6882760                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11          7000947                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12          7302554                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13          7220435                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14          7173990                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15          7077727                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0            592073                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1            599457                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2            592644                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3            593125                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4            579939                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5            568437                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6            575793                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7            571432                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8            571303                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9            578792                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10           590368                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11           581771                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12           651053                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13           582252                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14           596117                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15           596123                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                  10993803381500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6             112091751                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6              9422375                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                85547348                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                24369527                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                 1890699                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                  247784                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                     783                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                      81                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       9                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                  87310                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                  88545                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                 521730                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                 554153                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                 569783                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                 578226                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                 579933                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                 581123                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                 581731                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                 582318                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                 582509                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                 583113                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                 584990                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                 584017                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                 591024                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                 601930                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                 582839                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                 582916                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                   1583                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                    409                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                    232                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                    127                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                     78                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                     34                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                     17                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                     12                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      8                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples     53278739                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    145.921646                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   114.892095                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev   143.052238                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127     23109216     43.37%     43.37% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255     22964169     43.10%     86.48% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383      5055143      9.49%     95.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511       906643      1.70%     97.67% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639       164935      0.31%     97.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767        97741      0.18%     98.16% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895        86566      0.16%     98.32% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023        85898      0.16%     98.48% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151       808428      1.52%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total     53278739                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples       577528                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean     194.027330                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean     20.478375                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev   1703.506086                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::0-16383       577493     99.99%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::16384-32767           24      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::49152-65535            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::65536-81919            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::98304-114687            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::147456-163839            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::196608-212991            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::360448-376831            6      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total        577528                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples       577528                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      16.312073                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     16.296282                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev      0.739487                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16           488382     84.56%     84.56% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::17             1319      0.23%     84.79% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::18            85443     14.79%     99.59% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::19             1869      0.32%     99.91% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::20              308      0.05%     99.96% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::21              122      0.02%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::22               56      0.01%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::23               14      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::24                8      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::25                3      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::26                2      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::31                1      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::33                1      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total        577528                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                 2668485688250                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat            4769540019500                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat               560281155000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     23813.81                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                42563.81                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                       652.33                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                        54.84                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                    652.54                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                     54.85                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         5.52                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     5.10                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    0.43                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.25                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      25.41                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                 60820506                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                 7377657                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 54.28                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                78.31                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                      90473.46                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    56.14                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy             188815272240                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy             100357670655                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy            397127371200                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy            24392538000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         838162440960.000122                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy         1018307741130                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy          23992899840                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy    3305736228510                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy    292855216800                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy     188282275680                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy           6378100905465                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            580.154167                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime         8698097969250                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE  20583514250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF  354821044000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF 685966845000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN 762642826500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT  1920300917750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN 7249488345500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy             191594981340                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy             101835143850                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy            402954118140                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy            24783406380                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         837418111920.000122                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy         1030435075380                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy          23457809760                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy    3297007275870                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy    289168676640                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy     188684306040                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy           6387403727610                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            581.000355                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime         8672917345500                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE  19174090500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF  354501012000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF 689522325500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN 753048995000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT  1947210881750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN 7230346188250                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10993803493000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.branchPred.lookups             2256403028                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.condPredicted       2256403028                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu0.branchPred.condIncorrect        121395965                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBLookups          1798477574                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHitPct             0.000000                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu0.branchPred.usedRAS              159923817                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu0.branchPred.RASInCorrect          16986390                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectLookups     1798477574                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectHits         879607132                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectMisses       918870442                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu0.branchPredindirectMispredicted     64720277                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10993803493000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb.rdAccesses                 1859962050                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrAccesses                  649737757                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.dtb.rdMisses                     83375722                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrMisses                      2783026                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10993803493000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10993803493000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrAccesses                 1747279538                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrMisses                      3046976                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.workload.numSyscalls                 4934                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   10993803493000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.numCycles                     21987606987                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.fetch.icacheStallCycles        1818757673                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu0.fetch.Insts                   10862731695                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu0.fetch.Branches                 2256403028                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu0.fetch.predictedBranches        1039530949                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu0.fetch.Cycles                  19993547478                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu0.fetch.SquashCycles              245135840                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu0.fetch.TlbCycles                   1086246                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
system.cpu0.fetch.MiscStallCycles              899018                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu0.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles     24133581                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu0.fetch.PendingQuiesceStallCycles         4205                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending quiesce instructions
system.cpu0.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles          232                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.cpu0.fetch.CacheLines               1744236184                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu0.fetch.IcacheSquashes             27097846                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.ItlbSquashes                   3324                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::samples       21960996353                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::mean             0.945278                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::stdev            2.391055                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::0             18439052537     83.96%     83.96% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::1               156832403      0.71%     84.68% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::2               538406528      2.45%     87.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::3               185074272      0.84%     87.97% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::4               221740328      1.01%     88.98% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::5               261164663      1.19%     90.17% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::6               174604589      0.80%     90.97% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::7               143009643      0.65%     91.62% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::8              1841111390      8.38%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::total         21960996353                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.branchRate                 0.102622                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.fetch.rate                       0.494039                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.decode.IdleCycles              1222707643                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu0.decode.BlockedCycles          17880336214                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu0.decode.RunCycles               2054201689                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu0.decode.UnblockCycles            681182887                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu0.decode.SquashCycles             122567920                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu0.decode.DecodedInsts           19088143846                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu0.rename.SquashCycles             122567920                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu0.rename.IdleCycles              1499119740                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu0.rename.BlockCycles            15188391558                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu0.rename.serializeStallCycles      15266160                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu0.rename.RunCycles               2405522154                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu0.rename.UnblockCycles           2730128821                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedInsts           18496597417                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu0.rename.ROBFullEvents             70917669                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu0.rename.IQFullEvents            1366615680                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu0.rename.LQFullEvents             167541542                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu0.rename.SQFullEvents            1040384465                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu0.rename.FullRegisterEvents               2                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedOperands        20791740422                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu0.rename.RenameLookups          46243244039                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu0.rename.int_rename_lookups     21756093660                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.fp_rename_lookups       7176139100                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.CommittedMaps          13494982691                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu0.rename.UndoneMaps              7296757731                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu0.rename.serializingInsts            985702                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.tempSerializingInsts       1094442                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.skidInsts               3488408058                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedLoads          2321986726                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedStores          742594472                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingLoads         66834400                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingStores        31269296                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsAdded               17482848409                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu0.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded           10394854                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsIssued              15161014681                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         40557461                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     5483194358                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined   9245692292                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved      10383734                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples  21960996353                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        0.690361                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       1.593663                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::0        17215857585     78.39%     78.39% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::1         1157191723      5.27%     83.66% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::2          954853051      4.35%     88.01% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::3          805928001      3.67%     91.68% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::4          635263427      2.89%     94.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::5          458001039      2.09%     96.66% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::6          408722047      1.86%     98.52% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::7          208494172      0.95%     99.47% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::8          116685308      0.53%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    21960996353                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntAlu               97907345     76.81%     76.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0      0.00%     76.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%     76.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd             12811879     10.05%     86.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%     86.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%     86.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0      0.00%     86.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0      0.00%     86.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%     86.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0      0.00%     86.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%     86.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%     86.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%     86.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%     86.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%     86.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%     86.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%     86.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%     86.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%     86.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%     86.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%     86.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%     86.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%     86.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%     86.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%     86.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%     86.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%     86.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%     86.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%     86.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     86.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%     86.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemRead               7920545      6.21%     93.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemWrite              4493044      3.53%     96.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead           997788      0.78%     97.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite         3331572      2.61%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass         80319273      0.53%      0.53% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu          10298360080     67.93%     68.46% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult             4042155      0.03%     68.48% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv             14826712      0.10%     68.58% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd         2180045751     14.38%     82.96% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     82.96% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     82.96% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     82.96% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     82.96% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0      0.00%     82.96% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0      0.00%     82.96% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     82.96% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     82.96% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     82.96% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     82.96% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     82.96% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     82.96% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0      0.00%     82.96% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     82.96% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     82.96% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     82.96% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     82.96% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     82.96% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     82.96% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     82.96% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     82.96% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     82.96% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     82.96% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0      0.00%     82.96% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     82.96% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     82.96% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     82.96% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead          1229465483      8.11%     91.07% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite          601808856      3.97%     95.04% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead      683566794      4.51%     99.55% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite      68579577      0.45%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::total           15161014681                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.rate                          0.689525                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_cnt                  127462173                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.008407                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_reads       45374568156                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      18093622836                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses  11292148685                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads         7076477193                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes        4882884978                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses   3489064370                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.int_alu_accesses           11663737860                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_alu_accesses             3544419721                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       104543952                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads    845555830                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses       642225                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation       134968                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores    170813027                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads       117751                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked      6807608                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu0.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu0.iew.iewSquashCycles             122567920                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu0.iew.iewBlockCycles            13850906951                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewUnblockCycles            187723016                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispatchedInsts        17493243263                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          4173443                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispLoadInsts           2321986726                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispStoreInsts           742594472                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts           4030314                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewIQFullEvents              19889135                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.iewLSQFullEvents             72062814                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.memOrderViolationEvents        134968                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu0.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      46928295                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect    102142698                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.branchMispredicts           149070993                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecutedInsts          14916115863                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecLoadInsts           1856026003                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        244898818                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu0.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_refs                  2505441456                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_branches              1362964851                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_stores                 649415453                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_rate                    0.678387                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu0.iew.wb_sent                   14829462731                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu0.iew.wb_count                  14781213055                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu0.iew.wb_producers              10874978260                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_consumers              18249560182                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_rate                      0.672252                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu0.iew.wb_fanout                    0.595904                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu0.commit.commitSquashedInsts     5483580847                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu0.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          11120                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu0.commit.branchMispredicts        122518259                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples  21173353463                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.567225                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.665957                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::0  17743084907     83.80%     83.80% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::1   1169753367      5.52%     89.32% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::2    369984124      1.75%     91.07% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::3    661552378      3.12%     94.20% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::4    240400830      1.14%     95.33% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::5    167108439      0.79%     96.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::6     86920430      0.41%     96.53% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::7     79389844      0.37%     96.91% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::8    655159144      3.09%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::total  21173353463                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committedInsts          6410677656                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.commit.committedOps           12010048904                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu0.commit.refs                    2048212341                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu0.commit.loads                   1476430896                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu0.commit.membars                       4124                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu0.commit.branches                1190104827                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu0.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.fp_insts                3116215106                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.int_insts               9711790789                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.function_calls            89379220                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass     33625611      0.28%      0.28% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu      7939025762     66.10%     66.38% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntMult        2756856      0.02%     66.41% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv        12789070      0.11%     66.51% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd    1973639264     16.43%     82.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     82.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     82.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     82.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     82.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     82.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0      0.00%     82.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     82.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     82.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     82.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     82.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     82.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     82.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     82.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0      0.00%     82.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     82.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     82.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     82.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     82.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     82.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     82.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     82.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     82.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     82.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     82.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     82.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     82.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     82.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemRead      906324264      7.55%     90.49% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite     513801538      4.28%     94.77% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead    570106632      4.75%     99.52% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite     57979907      0.48%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::total      12010048904                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.bw_lim_events            655159144                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu0.rob.rob_reads                 38011824070                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu0.rob.rob_writes                35782727975                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu0.timesIdled                         210972                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu0.idleCycles                       26610634                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu0.committedInsts                 6410677656                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu0.committedOps                  12010048904                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu0.cpi                              3.429841                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu0.cpi_total                        3.429841                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu0.ipc                              0.291559                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu0.ipc_total                        0.291559                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_reads             16132620126                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_writes             9503671649                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_reads               6037448211                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_writes              3117842315                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_reads               6709721773                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_writes              3855838078                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu0.misc_regfile_reads             5867874374                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10993803493000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements        136065524                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse         1023.961791                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs         2049208598                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs        136066548                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs            15.060341                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle           176500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data  1023.961791                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data     0.999963                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999963                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           71                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          846                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          106                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses       9381877676                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses      9381877676                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10993803493000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data   1483897253                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total     1483897253                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.data    565310707                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total     565310707                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu0.data   2049207960                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total      2049207960                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu0.data   2049207960                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total     2049207960                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data    255635372                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total    255635372                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu0.data      6609450                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total      6609450                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu0.data    262244822                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total     262244822                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu0.data    262244822                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total    262244822                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data 20265960221500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 20265960221500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data 578882965746                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total 578882965746                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data 20844843187246                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 20844843187246                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data 20844843187246                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 20844843187246                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data   1739532625                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total   1739532625                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.data    571920157                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total    571920157                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu0.data   2311452782                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total   2311452782                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu0.data   2311452782                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total   2311452782                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.146956                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.146956                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.011557                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.011557                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.113455                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.113455                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.113455                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.113455                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 79276.823324                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 79276.823324                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 87584.135707                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 87584.135707                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 79486.195488                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 79486.195488                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 79486.195488                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 79486.195488                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs     67942515                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets        10115                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs          1659710                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets            106                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    40.936377                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets    95.424528                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks     11886768                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total         11886768                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data    126159082                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total    126159082                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data        18568                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total        18568                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.data    126177650                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total    126177650                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.data    126177650                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total    126177650                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data    129476290                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total    129476290                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data      6590882                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total      6590882                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data    136067172                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total    136067172                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data    136067172                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total    136067172                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 10444375959000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 10444375959000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 570724804299                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 570724804299                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 11015100763299                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 11015100763299                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 11015100763299                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 11015100763299                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.074432                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.074432                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.011524                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.011524                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.058867                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.058867                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.058867                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.058867                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 80666.320907                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 80666.320907                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 86593.084856                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 86593.084856                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 80953.404127                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 80953.404127                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 80953.404127                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 80953.404127                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10993803493000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10993803493000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10993803493000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements           104030                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse         1020.631166                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs         1744120974                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs           105052                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs         16602.453775                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle            87500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst  1020.631166                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.996710                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.996710                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1022                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           51                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          100                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          871                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.998047                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses       6977050420                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses      6977050420                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10993803493000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst   1744121235                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total     1744121235                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu0.inst   1744121235                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total      1744121235                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu0.inst   1744121235                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total     1744121235                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.inst       114947                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total       114947                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::cpu0.inst       114947                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total        114947                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::cpu0.inst       114947                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total       114947                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst   3509885997                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   3509885997                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst   3509885997                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::total   3509885997                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst   3509885997                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::total   3509885997                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst   1744236182                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total   1744236182                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst   1744236182                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total   1744236182                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst   1744236182                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total   1744236182                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000066                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000066                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000066                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000066                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000066                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000066                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 30534.820369                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 30534.820369                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 30534.820369                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 30534.820369                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 30534.820369                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 30534.820369                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs         2753                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               68                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    40.485294                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::writebacks       104030                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::total           104030                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst         9254                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         9254                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst         9254                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total         9254                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst         9254                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total         9254                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst       105693                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       105693                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst       105693                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total       105693                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst       105693                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total       105693                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst   2991016498                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2991016498                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst   2991016498                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2991016498                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst   2991016498                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2991016498                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000061                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000061                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000061                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000061                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000061                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000061                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 28299.097367                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 28299.097367                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 28299.097367                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 28299.097367                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 28299.097367                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 28299.097367                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10993803493000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10993803493000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.branchPred.lookups                      0                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.condPredicted                0                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu1.branchPred.condIncorrect                0                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBLookups                   0                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHitPct                  nan                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu1.branchPred.usedRAS                      0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu1.branchPred.RASInCorrect                 0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectLookups              0                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectHits                 0                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectMisses               0                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu1.branchPredindirectMispredicted            0                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu1.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10993803493000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10993803493000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10993803493000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   10993803493000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::samples                 0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::mean                  nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::stdev                 nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::0                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::1                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::2                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::3                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::4                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::5                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::6                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::7                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::8                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::max_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::total                   0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.idleRate                        nan                       # Percent of cycles fetch was idle
system.cpu1.fetch.branchRate                      nan                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.fetch.rate                            nan                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.rename.serializeStallCycles             0                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu1.rename.serializingInsts                 0                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.tempSerializingInsts             0                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.skidInsts                        0                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedLoads                   0                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedStores                  0                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingLoads                0                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingStores               0                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean             nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev            nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::0                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::1                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::2                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::3                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::4                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::5                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::6                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::7                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::8                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::total              0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemRead                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::total                     0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.rate                               nan                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_cnt                          0                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_rate                       nan                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                  0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads               0                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads            0                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            0                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores            0                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu1.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu1.iew.iewSquashCycles                     0                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu1.iew.iewBlockCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewUnblockCycles                    0                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispatchedInsts                  0                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispStoreInsts                   0                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                 0                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewIQFullEvents                     0                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                    0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             0                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu1.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect             0                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect            0                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.branchMispredicts                   0                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecutedInsts                    0                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu1.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_refs                           0                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_branches                       0                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_stores                         0                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_rate                         nan                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu1.iew.wb_sent                             0                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu1.iew.wb_count                            0                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu1.iew.wb_producers                        0                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_consumers                        0                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_rate                           nan                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu1.iew.wb_fanout                         nan                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::0            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::1            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::2            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::3            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::4            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::5            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::6            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::7            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::8            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::total            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committedInsts                   0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.commit.committedOps                     0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu1.commit.refs                             0                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu1.commit.loads                            0                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu1.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu1.commit.branches                         0                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu1.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.fp_insts                         0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.int_insts                        0                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.function_calls                   0                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntMult              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemRead              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::total                0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.bw_lim_events                    0                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu1.rob.rob_reads                           0                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu1.rob.rob_writes                          0                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu1.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu1.committedOps                            0                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu1.cpi                                   nan                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu1.cpi_total                             nan                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu1.ipc                                   nan                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu1.ipc_total                             nan                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10993803493000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10993803493000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10993803493000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10993803493000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10993803493000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10993803493000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10993803493000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10993803493000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10993803493000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.replacements                 112103721                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                 16375.027344                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                   160072962                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                 112120105                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      1.427692                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                     77000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks       17.173347                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst         7.305332                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data     16350.548665                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.001048                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst        0.000446                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data        0.997958                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total            0.999452                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         16384                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          171                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          786                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2        10367                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         5060                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                2289693713                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses               2289693713                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10993803493000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks     11886768                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total         11886768                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks       103971                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total           103971                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu0.data              306                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total                  306                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu0.data            366906                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                366906                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu0.inst          87019                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::total              87019                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu0.data      23625946                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total          23625946                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.inst                87019                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.data             23992852                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                 24079871                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.inst               87019                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.data            23992852                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                24079871                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu0.data            318                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::total                318                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0.data         6223769                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total             6223769                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu0.inst        18061                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total            18061                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu0.data    105849927                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total       105849927                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.inst              18061                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.data          112073696                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total              112091757                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.inst             18061                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.data         112073696                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total             112091757                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data       300000                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total       300000                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data 556879242000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total  556879242000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst   1916648000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total   1916648000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data 9987190057500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total 9987190057500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst   1916648000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data 10544069299500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total     10545985947500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst   1916648000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data 10544069299500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total    10545985947500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks     11886768                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total     11886768                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks       103971                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total       103971                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu0.data          624                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total              624                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0.data       6590675                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total           6590675                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu0.inst       105080                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total         105080                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu0.data    129475873                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total     129475873                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst           105080                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.data        136066548                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total            136171628                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst          105080                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.data       136066548                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total           136171628                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.509615                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total        0.509615                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.944330                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.944330                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.171879                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total      0.171879                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.817526                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.817526                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst        0.171879                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data        0.823668                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.823165                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst       0.171879                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data       0.823668                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.823165                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data   943.396226                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total   943.396226                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 89476.206781                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 89476.206781                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 106120.812801                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total 106120.812801                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 94352.356592                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 94352.356592                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 106120.812801                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 94081.570215                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 94083.510061                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 106120.812801                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 94081.570215                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 94083.510061                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks              9422375                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                   9422375                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_hits::total                1                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst            2                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_hits::total             2                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_hits::total            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst               2                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.data               2                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::total                   4                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst              2                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.data              2                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::total                  4                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::writebacks         3321                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::total          3321                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data          318                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total           318                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data      6223768                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total        6223768                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst        18059                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total        18059                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data    105849926                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total    105849926                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst         18059                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data     112073694                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total         112091753                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst        18059                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data    112073694                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total        112091753                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data      6364000                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6364000                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 494641540500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 494641540500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst   1735912000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1735912000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 8928690737009                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 8928690737009                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst   1735912000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 9423332277509                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 9425068189509                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst   1735912000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 9423332277509                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 9425068189509                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::writebacks          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.509615                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.509615                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.944329                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.944329                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.171860                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.171860                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.817526                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.817526                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.171860                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.823668                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.823165                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.171860                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.823668                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.823165                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 20012.578616                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 20012.578616                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 79476.217703                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 79476.217703                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 96124.480868                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 96124.480868                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 84352.356912                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84352.356912                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 96124.480868                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 84081.571163                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84083.511385                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 96124.480868                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 84081.571163                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84083.511385                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests     224162351                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests    112074825                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10993803493000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp          105867984                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty      9422375                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict        102647906                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq              319                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq           6223767                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp          6223767                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq     105867984                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port    336254102                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total    336254102                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total              336254102                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port   7776904064                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total   7776904064                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total              7776904064                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples         112092070                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0               112092070    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total           112092070                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer4.occupancy        298490986500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer4.utilization               2.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy       603972402750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              5.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests    272342419                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests    136169579                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests       272404                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops          39857                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops        38886                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops          971                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10993803493000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp         129581565                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty     21309143                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean       104030                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict       226860102                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq             624                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp            624                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq          6590675                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp         6590675                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq        105693                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq    129475873                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       314802                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side    408199868                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total             408514670                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     13382976                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side   9469012224                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total             9482395200                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                       112104334                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                 603071232                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples        248276586                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.001262                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.035608                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0              247964310     99.87%     99.87% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                 311305      0.13%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                    971      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::5                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::6                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::7                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::8                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total          248276586                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy       148162007500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              1.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy         158542491                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy      204100181405                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             1.9                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
