
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  8.214088                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                8214088093000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               8214088093000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  85925                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   160977                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              110098050                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                2328408                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                 74607.03                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  6410638976                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   12009984343                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 8214088093000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.inst         390080                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.data     4399802624                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total         4400192704                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu0.inst       390080                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total        390080                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks    237855168                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total       237855168                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.inst            6095                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.data        68746916                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total            68753011                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks       3716487                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total            3716487                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.inst             47489                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.data         535641032                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total             535688521                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu0.inst        47489                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total            47489                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks        28956978                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total             28956978                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks        28956978                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.inst            47489                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.data        535641032                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total            564645499                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                    68753011                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                    3716487                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                  68753011                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                  3716487                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM             4398514240                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                 1678464                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten               237851456                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys              4400192704                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys            237855168                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                  26226                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                    35                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0           4279058                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1           4275048                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2           4263099                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3           4256876                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4           4243333                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5           4261835                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6           4229912                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7           4232965                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8           4217345                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9           4207123                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10          4198451                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11          4300409                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12          4519666                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13          4466583                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14          4425812                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15          4349270                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0            230372                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1            231005                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2            229581                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3            228554                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4            228880                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5            228599                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6            230708                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7            229565                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8            229173                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9            229657                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10           231563                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11           229562                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12           263522                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13           231584                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14           231205                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15           232899                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                  8214087995000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6              68753011                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6              3716487                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                52303845                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                15064516                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                 1174477                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                  183817                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                     118                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       9                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                  80838                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                  82011                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                 178776                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                 208167                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                 217660                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                 222580                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                 223198                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                 223660                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                 223960                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                 224310                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                 224551                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                 224848                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                 226372                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                 227090                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                 234211                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                 238607                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                 225624                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                 228336                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                   1391                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                    135                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                     49                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                     24                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                     21                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples     35421116                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    130.892684                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   106.140867                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev   119.973908                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127     17393657     49.11%     49.11% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255     14261214     40.26%     89.37% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383      2757097      7.78%     97.15% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511       500936      1.41%     98.57% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639        78587      0.22%     98.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767        39197      0.11%     98.90% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895        35389      0.10%     99.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023        29238      0.08%     99.08% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151       325801      0.92%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total     35421116                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples       221956                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean     309.641456                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean     25.625855                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev   2412.593438                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::0-16383       221923     99.99%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::16384-32767           20      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::32768-49151            1      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::49152-65535            4      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::81920-98303            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::180224-196607            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::360448-376831            6      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total        221956                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples       221956                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      16.743990                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     16.716132                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev      0.976394                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16           139598     62.89%     62.89% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::17             1254      0.56%     63.46% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::18            79609     35.87%     99.33% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::19             1353      0.61%     99.94% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::20              113      0.05%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::21               25      0.01%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::22                3      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::23                1      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total        221956                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                 1683583507000                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat            2972210725750                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat               343633925000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     24496.76                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                43246.76                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                       535.48                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                        28.96                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                    535.69                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                     28.96                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         4.41                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     4.18                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    0.23                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.22                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      24.96                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                 34629737                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                 2392351                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 50.39                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                64.37                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                     113345.45                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    51.10                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy             125371088640                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy              66636291150                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy            243060779640                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy             9590518080                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         622485264960.000122                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy         667963692960                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy          18202652160                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy    2426842458360                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy    290472466560                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy     172066272180                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy           4642767275430                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            565.220049                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime         6701666608250                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE  18065562000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF  263571726000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF 623222132250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN 756437196500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT  1230784148750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN 5322007327500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy             127535751000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy              67786844070                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy            247648465260                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy             9809241300                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         623465615760.000122                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy         678569106690                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy          17716644960                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy    2425688872980                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy    287793017760                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy     169064513280                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy           4655157182430                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            566.728422                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime         6679713074000                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE  16758621250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF  263986456000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF 610730562000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN 749461546250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT  1253629798000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN 5319521109500                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 8214088093000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.branchPred.lookups             2225432341                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.condPredicted       2225432341                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu0.branchPred.condIncorrect        119673740                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBLookups          1786695229                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHitPct             0.000000                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu0.branchPred.usedRAS              157689571                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu0.branchPred.RASInCorrect          16392706                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectLookups     1786695229                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectHits         869228727                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectMisses       917466502                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu0.branchPredindirectMispredicted     64070643                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 8214088093000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb.rdAccesses                 1850677387                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrAccesses                  647923079                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.dtb.rdMisses                     82955359                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrMisses                      2742045                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 8214088093000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 8214088093000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrAccesses                 1726447948                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrMisses                      2903556                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.workload.numSyscalls                 4934                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   8214088093000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.numCycles                     16428176187                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.fetch.icacheStallCycles        1796551704                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu0.fetch.Insts                   10749174807                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu0.fetch.Branches                 2225432341                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu0.fetch.predictedBranches        1026918298                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu0.fetch.Cycles                  14470721816                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu0.fetch.SquashCycles              241548508                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu0.fetch.TlbCycles                    755731                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
system.cpu0.fetch.MiscStallCycles              839445                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu0.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles     22019394                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu0.fetch.PendingQuiesceStallCycles         1953                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending quiesce instructions
system.cpu0.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles          584                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.cpu0.fetch.CacheLines               1723547355                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu0.fetch.IcacheSquashes             27237693                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.ItlbSquashes                   2950                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::samples       16411664881                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::mean             1.251084                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::stdev            2.680849                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::0             12931345001     78.79%     78.79% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::1               154850656      0.94%     79.74% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::2               527254455      3.21%     82.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::3               184792726      1.13%     84.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::4               219455120      1.34%     85.41% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::5               259408995      1.58%     86.99% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::6               171378183      1.04%     88.04% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::7               139936401      0.85%     88.89% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::8              1823243344     11.11%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::total         16411664881                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.branchRate                 0.135464                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.fetch.rate                       0.654313                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.decode.IdleCycles              1214849076                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu0.decode.BlockedCycles          12357884468                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu0.decode.RunCycles               2048651309                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu0.decode.UnblockCycles            669505774                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu0.decode.SquashCycles             120774254                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu0.decode.DecodedInsts           18953840991                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu0.rename.SquashCycles             120774254                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu0.rename.IdleCycles              1492938281                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu0.rename.BlockCycles            10548580395                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu0.rename.serializeStallCycles      13794119                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu0.rename.RunCycles               2392382236                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu0.rename.UnblockCycles           1843195596                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedInsts           18371443861                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu0.rename.ROBFullEvents             62690242                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu0.rename.IQFullEvents            1322239267                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu0.rename.LQFullEvents             126264959                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu0.rename.SQFullEvents             238668716                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu0.rename.FullRegisterEvents               2                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedOperands        20646885291                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu0.rename.RenameLookups          45920819351                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu0.rename.int_rename_lookups     21589519254                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.fp_rename_lookups       7160444252                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.CommittedMaps          13494911406                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu0.rename.UndoneMaps              7151973885                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu0.rename.serializingInsts            979740                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.tempSerializingInsts       1086780                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.skidInsts               3425201421                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedLoads          2301401036                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedStores          739673790                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingLoads         66494085                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingStores        31062696                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsAdded               17368008193                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu0.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded           10255769                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsIssued              15092312623                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         40710004                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     5368279618                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined   9048577126                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved      10244649                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples  16411664881                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        0.919609                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       1.784115                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::0        11715393058     71.38%     71.38% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::1         1122560814      6.84%     78.22% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::2          944604007      5.76%     83.98% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::3          801504752      4.88%     88.86% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::4          638151475      3.89%     92.75% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::5          455742690      2.78%     95.53% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::6          408477646      2.49%     98.02% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::7          207999199      1.27%     99.29% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::8          117231240      0.71%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    16411664881                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntAlu               97937404     77.11%     77.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0      0.00%     77.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%     77.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd             12517496      9.86%     86.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%     86.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%     86.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0      0.00%     86.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0      0.00%     86.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%     86.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0      0.00%     86.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%     86.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%     86.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%     86.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%     86.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%     86.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%     86.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%     86.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%     86.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%     86.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%     86.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%     86.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%     86.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%     86.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%     86.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%     86.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%     86.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%     86.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%     86.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%     86.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     86.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%     86.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemRead               7661733      6.03%     93.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemWrite              4529009      3.57%     96.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead           996997      0.78%     97.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite         3363679      2.65%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass         79709647      0.53%      0.53% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu          10242041736     67.86%     68.39% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult             3972815      0.03%     68.42% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv             14812516      0.10%     68.52% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd         2178900695     14.44%     82.95% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     82.95% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     82.95% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     82.95% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     82.95% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0      0.00%     82.95% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0      0.00%     82.95% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     82.95% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     82.95% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     82.95% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     82.95% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     82.95% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     82.95% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0      0.00%     82.95% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     82.95% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     82.95% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     82.95% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     82.95% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     82.95% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     82.95% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     82.95% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     82.95% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     82.95% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     82.95% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0      0.00%     82.95% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     82.95% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     82.95% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     82.95% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead          1222250258      8.10%     91.05% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite          599707520      3.97%     95.02% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead      682243877      4.52%     99.54% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite      68673559      0.46%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::total           15092312623                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.rate                          0.918685                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_cnt                  127006318                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.008415                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_reads       39694136175                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      17876466232                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses  11228124637                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads         7069870274                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes        4870147468                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses   3486579258                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.int_alu_accesses           11598631228                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_alu_accesses             3540978066                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       104708907                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads    824977759                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses       628512                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation       132966                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores    167894486                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads       116271                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked      6188929                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu0.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu0.iew.iewSquashCycles             120774254                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu0.iew.iewBlockCycles             9459392151                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewUnblockCycles            156405801                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispatchedInsts        17378263962                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          4025222                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispLoadInsts           2301401036                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispStoreInsts           739673790                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts           3978099                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewIQFullEvents              19508614                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.iewLSQFullEvents             53176452                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.memOrderViolationEvents        132966                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu0.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      46178629                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect    100801022                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.branchMispredicts           146979651                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecutedInsts          14846534634                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecLoadInsts           1846780761                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        245777989                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu0.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_refs                  2494388039                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_branches              1358897276                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_stores                 647607278                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_rate                    0.903724                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu0.iew.wb_sent                   14762369649                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu0.iew.wb_count                  14714703895                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu0.iew.wb_producers              10835773320                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_consumers              18198479469                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_rate                      0.895699                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu0.iew.wb_fanout                    0.595422                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu0.commit.commitSquashedInsts     5368594929                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu0.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          11120                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu0.commit.branchMispredicts        120724589                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples  15641092898                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.767848                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.900173                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::0  12220024662     78.13%     78.13% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::1   1163422782      7.44%     85.57% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::2    368666039      2.36%     87.92% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::3    657111615      4.20%     92.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::4    239841577      1.53%     93.66% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::5    168123755      1.07%     94.73% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::6     86852582      0.56%     95.29% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::7     79605025      0.51%     95.80% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::8    657444861      4.20%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::total  15641092898                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committedInsts          6410638976                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.commit.committedOps           12009984343                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu0.commit.refs                    2048202581                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu0.commit.loads                   1476423277                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu0.commit.membars                       4124                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu0.commit.branches                1190101633                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu0.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.fp_insts                3116185708                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.int_insts               9711749315                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.function_calls            89379220                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass     33625548      0.28%      0.28% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu      7938999752     66.10%     66.38% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntMult        2756852      0.02%     66.41% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv        12789070      0.11%     66.51% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd    1973610540     16.43%     82.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     82.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     82.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     82.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     82.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     82.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0      0.00%     82.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     82.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     82.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     82.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     82.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     82.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     82.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     82.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0      0.00%     82.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     82.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     82.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     82.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     82.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     82.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     82.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     82.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     82.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     82.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     82.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     82.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     82.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     82.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemRead      906316869      7.55%     90.49% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite     513799847      4.28%     94.77% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead    570106408      4.75%     99.52% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite     57979457      0.48%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::total      12009984343                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.bw_lim_events            657444861                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu0.rob.rob_reads                 32362227309                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu0.rob.rob_writes                35535561864                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu0.timesIdled                         161529                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu0.idleCycles                       16511306                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu0.committedInsts                 6410638976                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu0.committedOps                  12009984343                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu0.cpi                              2.562643                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu0.cpi_total                        2.562643                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu0.ipc                              0.390222                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu0.ipc_total                        0.390222                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_reads             16070034164                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_writes             9445792670                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_reads               6032697307                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_writes              3115384140                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_reads               6696316501                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_writes              3845046547                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu0.misc_regfile_reads             5836485602                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 8214088093000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements        136062485                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse         1023.948861                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs         2046067987                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs        136063509                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs            15.037595                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle           176500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data  1023.948861                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data     0.999950                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999950                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           71                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          879                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           73                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses       9347855001                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses      9347855001                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 8214088093000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data   1480760670                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total     1480760670                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.data    565306811                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total     565306811                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu0.data   2046067481                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total      2046067481                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu0.data   2046067481                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total     2046067481                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data    250269262                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total    250269262                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu0.data      6611130                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total      6611130                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu0.data    256880392                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total     256880392                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu0.data    256880392                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total    256880392                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data 14628595085000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 14628595085000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data 172681032091                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total 172681032091                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data 14801276117091                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 14801276117091                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data 14801276117091                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 14801276117091                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data   1731029932                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total   1731029932                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.data    571917941                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total    571917941                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu0.data   2302947873                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total   2302947873                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu0.data   2302947873                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total   2302947873                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.144578                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.144578                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.011560                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.011560                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.111544                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.111544                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.111544                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.111544                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 58451.425349                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 58451.425349                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 26119.745352                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 26119.745352                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 57619.330155                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 57619.330155                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 57619.330155                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 57619.330155                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs     54390833                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets          401                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs          1656671                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              6                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    32.831403                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets    66.833333                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks     21852141                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total         21852141                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data    120796466                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total    120796466                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data        19922                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total        19922                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.data    120816388                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total    120816388                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.data    120816388                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total    120816388                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data    129472796                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total    129472796                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data      6591208                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total      6591208                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data    136064004                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total    136064004                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data    136064004                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total    136064004                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 7282635261000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 7282635261000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 164476535702                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 164476535702                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 7447111796702                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 7447111796702                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 7447111796702                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 7447111796702                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.074795                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.074795                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.011525                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.011525                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.059083                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.059083                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.059083                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.059083                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 56248.381791                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 56248.381791                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 24953.928886                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 24953.928886                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 54732.416934                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 54732.416934                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 54732.416934                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 54732.416934                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 8214088093000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 8214088093000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 8214088093000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements            97599                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse         1023.316072                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs         1723440482                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs            98622                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs         17475.213259                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle            87500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst  1023.316072                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.999332                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999332                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1023                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           50                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           99                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          874                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.999023                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses       6894288531                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses      6894288531                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 8214088093000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst   1723440906                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total     1723440906                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu0.inst   1723440906                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total      1723440906                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu0.inst   1723440906                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total     1723440906                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.inst       106445                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total       106445                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::cpu0.inst       106445                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total        106445                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::cpu0.inst       106445                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total       106445                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst   2040182498                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2040182498                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst   2040182498                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::total   2040182498                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst   2040182498                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::total   2040182498                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst   1723547351                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total   1723547351                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst   1723547351                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total   1723547351                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst   1723547351                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total   1723547351                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000062                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000062                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000062                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000062                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000062                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000062                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 19166.541388                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 19166.541388                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 19166.541388                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 19166.541388                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 19166.541388                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 19166.541388                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs         4580                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               63                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    72.698413                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::writebacks        97599                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::total            97599                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst         7317                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         7317                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst         7317                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total         7317                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst         7317                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total         7317                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst        99128                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        99128                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst        99128                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total        99128                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst        99128                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        99128                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst   1770750998                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1770750998                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst   1770750998                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1770750998                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst   1770750998                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1770750998                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000058                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000058                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000058                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000058                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000058                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000058                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 17863.277762                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17863.277762                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 17863.277762                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17863.277762                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 17863.277762                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17863.277762                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 8214088093000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 8214088093000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.branchPred.lookups                      0                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.condPredicted                0                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu1.branchPred.condIncorrect                0                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBLookups                   0                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHitPct                  nan                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu1.branchPred.usedRAS                      0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu1.branchPred.RASInCorrect                 0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectLookups              0                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectHits                 0                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectMisses               0                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu1.branchPredindirectMispredicted            0                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu1.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 8214088093000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 8214088093000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 8214088093000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   8214088093000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::samples                 0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::mean                  nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::stdev                 nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::0                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::1                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::2                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::3                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::4                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::5                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::6                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::7                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::8                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::max_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::total                   0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.idleRate                        nan                       # Percent of cycles fetch was idle
system.cpu1.fetch.branchRate                      nan                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.fetch.rate                            nan                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.rename.serializeStallCycles             0                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu1.rename.serializingInsts                 0                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.tempSerializingInsts             0                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.skidInsts                        0                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedLoads                   0                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedStores                  0                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingLoads                0                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingStores               0                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean             nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev            nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::0                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::1                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::2                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::3                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::4                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::5                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::6                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::7                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::8                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::total              0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemRead                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::total                     0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.rate                               nan                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_cnt                          0                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_rate                       nan                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                  0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads               0                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads            0                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            0                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores            0                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu1.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu1.iew.iewSquashCycles                     0                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu1.iew.iewBlockCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewUnblockCycles                    0                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispatchedInsts                  0                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispStoreInsts                   0                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                 0                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewIQFullEvents                     0                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                    0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             0                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu1.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect             0                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect            0                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.branchMispredicts                   0                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecutedInsts                    0                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu1.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_refs                           0                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_branches                       0                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_stores                         0                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_rate                         nan                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu1.iew.wb_sent                             0                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu1.iew.wb_count                            0                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu1.iew.wb_producers                        0                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_consumers                        0                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_rate                           nan                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu1.iew.wb_fanout                         nan                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::0            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::1            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::2            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::3            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::4            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::5            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::6            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::7            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::8            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::total            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committedInsts                   0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.commit.committedOps                     0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu1.commit.refs                             0                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu1.commit.loads                            0                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu1.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu1.commit.branches                         0                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu1.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.fp_insts                         0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.int_insts                        0                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.function_calls                   0                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntMult              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemRead              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::total                0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.bw_lim_events                    0                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu1.rob.rob_reads                           0                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu1.rob.rob_writes                          0                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu1.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu1.committedOps                            0                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu1.cpi                                   nan                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu1.cpi_total                             nan                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu1.ipc                                   nan                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu1.ipc_total                             nan                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 8214088093000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 8214088093000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 8214088093000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 8214088093000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 8214088093000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 8214088093000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 8214088093000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 8214088093000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.branchPred.lookups                      0                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu2.branchPred.condPredicted                0                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu2.branchPred.condIncorrect                0                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu2.branchPred.BTBLookups                   0                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu2.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu2.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu2.branchPred.BTBHitPct                  nan                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu2.branchPred.usedRAS                      0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu2.branchPred.RASInCorrect                 0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu2.branchPred.indirectLookups              0                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu2.branchPred.indirectHits                 0                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu2.branchPred.indirectMisses               0                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu2.branchPredindirectMispredicted            0                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu2.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 8214088093000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu2.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu2.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu2.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu2.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu2.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 8214088093000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 8214088093000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu2.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu2.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu2.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   8214088093000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::samples                 0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::mean                  nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::stdev                 nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::0                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::1                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::2                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::3                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::4                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::5                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::6                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::7                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::8                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::max_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::total                   0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.idleRate                        nan                       # Percent of cycles fetch was idle
system.cpu2.fetch.branchRate                      nan                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu2.fetch.rate                            nan                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu2.rename.serializeStallCycles             0                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu2.rename.serializingInsts                 0                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu2.rename.tempSerializingInsts             0                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu2.rename.skidInsts                        0                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu2.memDep0.insertedLoads                   0                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu2.memDep0.insertedStores                  0                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu2.memDep0.conflictingLoads                0                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu2.memDep0.conflictingStores               0                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean             nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev            nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::0                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::1                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::2                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::3                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::4                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::5                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::6                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::7                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::8                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::total              0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::MemRead                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::total                     0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.rate                               nan                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu2.iq.fu_busy_cnt                          0                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu2.iq.fu_busy_rate                       nan                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu2.iq.int_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu2.iq.int_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu2.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu2.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                  0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu2.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu2.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu2.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu2.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu2.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu2.iq.int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu2.iq.fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu2.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads               0                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads            0                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            0                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores            0                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu2.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu2.iew.iewSquashCycles                     0                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu2.iew.iewBlockCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu2.iew.iewUnblockCycles                    0                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu2.iew.iewDispatchedInsts                  0                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu2.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu2.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu2.iew.iewDispStoreInsts                   0                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu2.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                 0                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu2.iew.iewIQFullEvents                     0                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu2.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                    0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu2.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             0                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu2.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect             0                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu2.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect            0                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu2.iew.branchMispredicts                   0                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu2.iew.iewExecutedInsts                    0                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu2.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu2.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu2.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu2.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu2.iew.exec_refs                           0                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu2.iew.exec_branches                       0                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu2.iew.exec_stores                         0                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu2.iew.exec_rate                         nan                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu2.iew.wb_sent                             0                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu2.iew.wb_count                            0                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu2.iew.wb_producers                        0                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu2.iew.wb_consumers                        0                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu2.iew.wb_rate                           nan                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu2.iew.wb_fanout                         nan                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::0            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::1            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::2            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::3            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::4            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::5            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::6            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::7            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::8            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::total            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committedInsts                   0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu2.commit.committedOps                     0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu2.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu2.commit.refs                             0                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu2.commit.loads                            0                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu2.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu2.commit.branches                         0                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu2.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu2.commit.fp_insts                         0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu2.commit.int_insts                        0                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu2.commit.function_calls                   0                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::IntMult              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::MemRead              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::total                0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.bw_lim_events                    0                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu2.rob.rob_reads                           0                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu2.rob.rob_writes                          0                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu2.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu2.committedOps                            0                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu2.cpi                                   nan                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu2.cpi_total                             nan                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu2.ipc                                   nan                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu2.ipc_total                             nan                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 8214088093000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 8214088093000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 8214088093000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 8214088093000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 8214088093000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.icache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu2.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu2.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 8214088093000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 8214088093000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 8214088093000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.branchPred.lookups                      0                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu3.branchPred.condPredicted                0                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu3.branchPred.condIncorrect                0                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu3.branchPred.BTBLookups                   0                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu3.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu3.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu3.branchPred.BTBHitPct                  nan                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu3.branchPred.usedRAS                      0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu3.branchPred.RASInCorrect                 0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu3.branchPred.indirectLookups              0                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu3.branchPred.indirectHits                 0                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu3.branchPred.indirectMisses               0                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu3.branchPredindirectMispredicted            0                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu3.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 8214088093000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu3.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu3.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu3.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu3.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu3.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 8214088093000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 8214088093000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu3.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu3.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu3.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu3.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   8214088093000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::samples                 0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::mean                  nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::stdev                 nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::0                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::1                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::2                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::3                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::4                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::5                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::6                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::7                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::8                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::max_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::total                   0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.idleRate                        nan                       # Percent of cycles fetch was idle
system.cpu3.fetch.branchRate                      nan                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu3.fetch.rate                            nan                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu3.rename.serializeStallCycles             0                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu3.rename.serializingInsts                 0                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu3.rename.tempSerializingInsts             0                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu3.rename.skidInsts                        0                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu3.memDep0.insertedLoads                   0                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu3.memDep0.insertedStores                  0                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu3.memDep0.conflictingLoads                0                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu3.memDep0.conflictingStores               0                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean             nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev            nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::0                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::1                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::2                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::3                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::4                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::5                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::6                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::7                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::8                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::total              0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::MemRead                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::total                     0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.rate                               nan                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu3.iq.fu_busy_cnt                          0                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu3.iq.fu_busy_rate                       nan                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu3.iq.int_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu3.iq.int_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu3.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu3.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                  0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu3.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu3.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu3.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu3.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu3.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu3.iq.int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu3.iq.fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu3.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu3.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads               0                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu3.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu3.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads            0                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu3.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu3.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            0                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu3.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores            0                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu3.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu3.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu3.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu3.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu3.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu3.iew.iewSquashCycles                     0                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu3.iew.iewBlockCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu3.iew.iewUnblockCycles                    0                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu3.iew.iewDispatchedInsts                  0                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu3.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu3.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu3.iew.iewDispStoreInsts                   0                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu3.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                 0                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu3.iew.iewIQFullEvents                     0                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu3.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                    0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu3.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             0                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu3.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect             0                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu3.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect            0                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu3.iew.branchMispredicts                   0                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu3.iew.iewExecutedInsts                    0                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu3.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu3.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu3.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu3.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu3.iew.exec_refs                           0                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu3.iew.exec_branches                       0                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu3.iew.exec_stores                         0                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu3.iew.exec_rate                         nan                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu3.iew.wb_sent                             0                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu3.iew.wb_count                            0                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu3.iew.wb_producers                        0                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu3.iew.wb_consumers                        0                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu3.iew.wb_rate                           nan                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu3.iew.wb_fanout                         nan                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::0            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::1            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::2            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::3            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::4            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::5            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::6            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::7            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::8            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::total            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committedInsts                   0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu3.commit.committedOps                     0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu3.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu3.commit.refs                             0                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu3.commit.loads                            0                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu3.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu3.commit.branches                         0                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu3.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu3.commit.fp_insts                         0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu3.commit.int_insts                        0                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu3.commit.function_calls                   0                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::IntMult              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::MemRead              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::total                0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.bw_lim_events                    0                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu3.rob.rob_reads                           0                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu3.rob.rob_writes                          0                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu3.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu3.committedOps                            0                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu3.cpi                                   nan                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu3.cpi_total                             nan                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu3.ipc                                   nan                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu3.ipc_total                             nan                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 8214088093000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 8214088093000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 8214088093000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 8214088093000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 8214088093000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.icache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu3.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu3.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 8214088093000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 8214088093000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 8214088093000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 8214088093000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.replacements                  68708103                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                 48940.257914                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                   203423708                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                  68757255                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      2.958578                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                     77000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks       17.790866                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst        57.948963                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data     48864.518109                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.000362                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst        0.001179                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data        0.994151                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total            0.995692                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         49152                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          170                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          750                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         9795                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3        38437                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                3334938507                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses               3334938507                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 8214088093000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks     21852141                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total         21852141                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks        97538                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total            97538                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu0.data              486                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total                  486                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu0.data           5618169                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total               5618169                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu0.inst          92540                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::total              92540                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu0.data      61698422                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total          61698422                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.inst                92540                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.data             67316591                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                 67409131                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.inst               92540                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.data            67316591                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                67409131                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu0.data              9                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::total                  9                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0.data          973101                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total              973101                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu0.inst         6097                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total             6097                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu0.data     67773817                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total        67773817                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.inst               6097                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.data           68746918                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total               68753015                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.inst              6097                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.data          68746918                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total              68753015                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data       269500                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total       269500                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  95591164000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total   95591164000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    647554000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total    647554000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data 6418886320000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total 6418886320000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    647554000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data 6514477484000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total     6515125038000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    647554000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data 6514477484000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total    6515125038000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks     21852141                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total     21852141                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks        97538                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total        97538                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu0.data          495                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total              495                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0.data       6591270                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total           6591270                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu0.inst        98637                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total          98637                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu0.data    129472239                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total     129472239                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst            98637                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.data        136063509                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total            136162146                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst           98637                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.data       136063509                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total           136162146                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.018182                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total        0.018182                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.147635                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.147635                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.061813                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total      0.061813                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.523462                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.523462                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst        0.061813                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data        0.505256                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.504935                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst       0.061813                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data       0.505256                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.504935                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 29944.444444                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total 29944.444444                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 98233.548213                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 98233.548213                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 106208.627194                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total 106208.627194                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 94710.414790                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 94710.414790                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 106208.627194                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 94760.284148                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 94761.299384                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 106208.627194                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 94760.284148                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 94761.299384                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks              3716488                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                   3716488                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst            1                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_hits::total             1                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_hits::total            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst               1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.data               1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::total                   2                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst              1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.data              1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::total                  2                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::writebacks          805                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::total           805                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data            9                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total             9                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       973101                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total         973101                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst         6096                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total         6096                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data     67773816                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total     67773816                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          6096                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data      68746917                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total          68753013                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst         6096                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data     68746917                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total         68753013                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data       179500                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       179500                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  85860154000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  85860154000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    586561000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    586561000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 5741148104000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 5741148104000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    586561000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 5827008258000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 5827594819000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    586561000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 5827008258000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 5827594819000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::writebacks          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.018182                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.018182                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.147635                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.147635                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.061802                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.061802                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.523462                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.523462                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.061802                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.505256                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.504935                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.061802                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.505256                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.504935                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 19944.444444                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19944.444444                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 88233.548213                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 88233.548213                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 96220.636483                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 96220.636483                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 84710.415362                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84710.415362                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 96220.636483                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 84760.284712                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84761.300847                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 96220.636483                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 84760.284712                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84761.300847                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests     137455444                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests     68703002                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 8214088093000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp           67779911                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty      3716487                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict         64985936                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq               10                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq            973100                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp           973100                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq      67779911                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port    206208455                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total    206208455                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total              206208455                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port   4638047872                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total   4638047872                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total              4638047872                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples          68753021                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                68753021    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total            68753021                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer8.occupancy        174899244500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer8.utilization               2.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy       371757581750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              4.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests    272323216                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests    136160100                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests       143707                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops           6623                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops         6616                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            7                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 8214088093000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp         129571366                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty     25568629                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean        97599                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict       179201959                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq             495                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp            495                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq          6591270                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp         6591270                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq         99128                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq    129472239                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       295363                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side    408190493                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total             408485856                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     12559040                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side  10106601600                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total            10119160640                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                        68708594                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                 237886656                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples        204871235                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.000734                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.027081                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0              204720897     99.93%     99.93% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                 150331      0.07%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      7      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::5                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::6                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::7                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::8                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::9                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::10                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::11                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::12                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::13                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::14                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::15                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::16                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total          204871235                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy       158111348000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              1.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy         148824232                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy      204095537447                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             2.5                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
