
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.015267                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 15267344125                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               3908440096000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                               43335408                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                 80710020                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              110834635                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                3428952                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                   137.75                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  5969401342                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   11117711432                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.inst            192                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.data        5915008                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total            5915200                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu0.inst          192                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total           192                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks        70976                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total           70976                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.inst               3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.data           92422                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total               92425                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks          1109                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total               1109                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.inst             12576                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.data         387428747                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total             387441323                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu0.inst        12576                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total            12576                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks         4648877                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total              4648877                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks         4648877                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.inst            12576                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.data        387428747                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total            392090199                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                       92425                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                       1109                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                     92425                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                     1109                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM                5908160                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                    7040                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                   70912                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                 5915200                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys                70976                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                    110                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0              5643                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1              5649                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2              5567                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3              5585                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4              5840                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5              5644                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6              5693                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7              5622                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8              5445                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9              5090                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10             4989                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11             5320                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12             6625                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13             6878                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14             6309                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15             6416                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0                63                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1                53                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2                69                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3                96                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4               102                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5               103                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6               102                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7               152                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8                55                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9                65                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10               59                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11               67                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12               33                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13               24                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14               24                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15               41                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                   15264404500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                 92425                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6                 1109                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                   75287                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                   15681                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                    1267                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                      80                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                     10                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                     10                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                     65                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                     68                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                     68                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                     68                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                     68                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                     68                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                     69                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                     68                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                     68                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                     68                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                     69                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                     68                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                     68                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                     68                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                     68                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                     70                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples        65803                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean     90.874884                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean    82.188547                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev    49.312050                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::64-127        46370     70.47%     70.47% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-191        13635     20.72%     91.19% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::192-255         4062      6.17%     97.36% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-319         1249      1.90%     99.26% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::320-383          358      0.54%     99.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-447           97      0.15%     99.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::448-511           21      0.03%     99.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-575            8      0.01%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-703            3      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total        65803                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples           68                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean    1357.397059                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean   1295.265410                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    439.337192                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::512-639            1      1.47%      1.47% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::768-895            7     10.29%     11.76% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::896-1023            4      5.88%     17.65% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1151           15     22.06%     39.71% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::1152-1279           11     16.18%     55.88% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::1280-1407            4      5.88%     61.76% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::1408-1535            5      7.35%     69.12% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::1536-1663            7     10.29%     79.41% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::1664-1791            6      8.82%     88.24% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::1792-1919            2      2.94%     91.18% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::1920-2047            1      1.47%     92.65% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::2048-2175            1      1.47%     94.12% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::2432-2559            3      4.41%     98.53% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::2688-2815            1      1.47%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total            68                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples           68                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      16.294118                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     16.279551                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev      0.713596                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16               58     85.29%     85.29% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::18               10     14.71%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total            68                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                   2646265750                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat              4377172000                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                  461575000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     28665.61                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                47415.61                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                       386.98                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                         4.64                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                    387.44                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                      4.65                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         3.06                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     3.02                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    0.04                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.15                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      25.22                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                    27178                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                     450                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 29.44                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                40.58                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                     163196.32                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    29.57                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                231193200                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                122893485                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy               323035020                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy                3862800                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         1224977520.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy            994896810                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy             32983680                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy      4972694250                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy       674270400                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy        126574980                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy             8707616445                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            570.342580                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime          12995244125                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE     31680000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF     518684000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF    338199000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN   1755919750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT    1717548000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  10905313375                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                238583100                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                126828900                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy               336094080                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy                1920960                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         1219445760.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy           1029869160                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy             30844800                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy      5031672720                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy       633425280                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy         91290660                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy             8740127340                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            572.472021                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime          12925111125                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE     25740000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF     516200000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF    244275250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN   1649433000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT    1797340000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  11034355875                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.branchPred.lookups                4296942                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.condPredicted          4296942                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu0.branchPred.condIncorrect           177721                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBLookups             3312899                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHitPct             0.000000                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu0.branchPred.usedRAS                 113240                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu0.branchPred.RASInCorrect             16547                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectLookups        3312899                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectHits           1843026                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectMisses         1469873                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu0.branchPredindirectMispredicted        52951                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb.rdAccesses                    2117016                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrAccesses                     123202                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.dtb.rdMisses                       456346                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrMisses                         2319                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrAccesses                    3631791                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrMisses                        14647                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.workload.numSyscalls                    0                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.numCycles                        30534689                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.fetch.icacheStallCycles           3706402                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu0.fetch.Insts                      12345486                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu0.fetch.Branches                    4296942                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu0.fetch.predictedBranches           1956266                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu0.fetch.Cycles                     26498874                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu0.fetch.SquashCycles                 364988                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu0.fetch.TlbCycles                      2070                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
system.cpu0.fetch.MiscStallCycles                3163                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu0.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles       111744                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu0.fetch.CacheLines                  3617144                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu0.fetch.IcacheSquashes                26068                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.ItlbSquashes                     24                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::samples          30504747                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::mean             0.813857                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::stdev            2.179062                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::0                25686431     84.20%     84.20% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::1                   41889      0.14%     84.34% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::2                 1803896      5.91%     90.26% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::3                   62121      0.20%     90.46% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::4                  329180      1.08%     91.54% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::5                  162481      0.53%     92.07% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::6                  217838      0.71%     92.79% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::7                   52982      0.17%     92.96% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::8                 2147929      7.04%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::total            30504747                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.branchRate                 0.140723                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.fetch.rate                       0.404310                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.decode.IdleCycles                 1904069                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu0.decode.BlockedCycles             25175599                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu0.decode.RunCycles                  2435077                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu0.decode.UnblockCycles               807508                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu0.decode.SquashCycles                182494                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu0.decode.DecodedInsts              20892180                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu0.rename.SquashCycles                182494                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu0.rename.IdleCycles                 2196593                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu0.rename.BlockCycles               22340312                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu0.rename.serializeStallCycles         38803                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu0.rename.RunCycles                  2784343                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu0.rename.UnblockCycles              2962202                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedInsts              20079168                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu0.rename.ROBFullEvents                91961                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu0.rename.IQFullEvents               2576789                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu0.rename.LQFullEvents                230814                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu0.rename.SQFullEvents                 25138                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedOperands           23943449                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu0.rename.RenameLookups             56102133                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu0.rename.int_rename_lookups        26180122                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.fp_rename_lookups            94049                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.CommittedMaps              8930144                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu0.rename.UndoneMaps                15013305                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu0.rename.serializingInsts               906                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.tempSerializingInsts          1070                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.skidInsts                  5105840                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedLoads             3662489                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedStores             180735                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingLoads            11554                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingStores           11055                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsAdded                  19091938                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu0.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded              10082                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsIssued                 13801885                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued            18528                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       11650903                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     24532533                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         10082                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     30504747                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        0.452450                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       1.183599                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::0           24993596     81.93%     81.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::1            2059660      6.75%     88.69% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::2            1182813      3.88%     92.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::3             828723      2.72%     95.28% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::4             828576      2.72%     98.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::5             275906      0.90%     98.90% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::6             206115      0.68%     99.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::7              74958      0.25%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::8              54400      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       30504747                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                  29890     69.30%     69.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0      0.00%     69.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%     69.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                 2669      6.19%     75.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%     75.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%     75.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0      0.00%     75.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0      0.00%     75.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%     75.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0      0.00%     75.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%     75.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%     75.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%     75.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%     75.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%     75.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%     75.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%     75.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%     75.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%     75.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%     75.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%     75.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%     75.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%     75.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%     75.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%     75.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%     75.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%     75.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%     75.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%     75.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     75.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%     75.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemRead                  9400     21.80%     97.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                  676      1.57%     98.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead              290      0.67%     99.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite             204      0.47%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            43781      0.32%      0.32% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu             11332431     82.11%     82.43% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                2261      0.02%     82.44% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                22973      0.17%     82.61% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd              34403      0.25%     82.86% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     82.86% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     82.86% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     82.86% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     82.86% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0      0.00%     82.86% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0      0.00%     82.86% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     82.86% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     82.86% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     82.86% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     82.86% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     82.86% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     82.86% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0      0.00%     82.86% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     82.86% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     82.86% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     82.86% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     82.86% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     82.86% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     82.86% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     82.86% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     82.86% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     82.86% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     82.86% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0      0.00%     82.86% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     82.86% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     82.86% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     82.86% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead             2227036     16.14%     98.99% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite             132027      0.96%     99.95% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead           6117      0.04%     99.99% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite           856      0.01%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::total              13801885                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.rate                          0.452007                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_cnt                      43129                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.003125                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_reads          58083458                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_writes         30672021                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     13222282                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads              86716                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes             80912                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses        37694                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.int_alu_accesses              13756628                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_alu_accesses                  44605                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads           10567                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2235669                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          324                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           13                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       114063                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           79                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked         5931                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu0.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu0.iew.iewSquashCycles                182494                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu0.iew.iewBlockCycles               19406858                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewUnblockCycles               507583                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispatchedInsts           19102020                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts            11435                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispLoadInsts              3662489                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispStoreInsts              180735                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts              3888                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewIQFullEvents                 35685                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                58900                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.memOrderViolationEvents            13                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu0.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         99832                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       100878                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.branchMispredicts              200710                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecutedInsts             13531342                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecLoadInsts              2116485                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts           270543                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu0.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_refs                     2239657                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_branches                 1671778                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_stores                    123172                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_rate                    0.443147                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu0.iew.wb_sent                      13303131                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu0.iew.wb_count                     13259976                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu0.iew.wb_producers                  9847764                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_consumers                 15665781                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_rate                      0.434259                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu0.iew.wb_fanout                    0.628616                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu0.commit.commitSquashedInsts       11652130                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu0.commit.branchMispredicts           182489                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     28858223                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.258197                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     0.912014                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     25627993     88.81%     88.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      1482197      5.14%     93.94% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       355316      1.23%     95.17% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       975555      3.38%     98.55% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       166085      0.58%     99.13% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       101726      0.35%     99.48% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        13563      0.05%     99.53% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         9029      0.03%     99.56% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       126759      0.44%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     28858223                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committedInsts             3729423                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.commit.committedOps               7451117                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu0.commit.refs                       1493492                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu0.commit.loads                      1426820                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu0.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu0.commit.branches                   1358061                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu0.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.fp_insts                     26806                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.int_insts                  7424133                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.function_calls               11750                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass         8022      0.11%      0.11% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu         5906851     79.27%     79.38% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntMult            470      0.01%     79.39% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv           19398      0.26%     79.65% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd         22884      0.31%     79.96% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     79.96% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     79.96% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.96% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.96% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     79.96% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0      0.00%     79.96% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.96% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     79.96% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.96% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     79.96% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     79.96% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     79.96% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     79.96% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0      0.00%     79.96% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.96% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.96% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.96% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     79.96% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.96% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.96% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.96% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.96% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.96% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     79.96% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.96% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.96% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.96% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemRead        1422898     19.10%     99.05% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite         66672      0.89%     99.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead         3922      0.05%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::total          7451117                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.bw_lim_events               126759                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu0.rob.rob_reads                    47834711                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu0.rob.rob_writes                   39857386                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu0.timesIdled                            515                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu0.idleCycles                          29942                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu0.committedInsts                    3729423                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu0.committedOps                      7451117                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu0.cpi                              8.187510                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu0.cpi_total                        8.187510                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu0.ipc                              0.122137                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu0.ipc_total                        0.122137                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_reads                13524955                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_writes               11480107                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_reads                    67277                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_writes                   33417                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_reads                  8865734                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_writes                 3724089                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu0.misc_regfile_reads                7219072                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements           763654                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                 512                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs             870216                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           763654                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs             1.139542                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data          512                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          490                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           21                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses          9406922                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses         9406922                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data       807656                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         807656                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.data        63705                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         63705                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu0.data       871361                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total          871361                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu0.data       871361                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total         871361                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data      1286489                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total      1286489                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu0.data         2967                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         2967                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu0.data      1289456                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total       1289456                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu0.data      1289456                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total      1289456                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  31599067000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  31599067000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    117189493                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    117189493                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  31716256493                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  31716256493                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  31716256493                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  31716256493                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data      2094145                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      2094145                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.data        66672                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        66672                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu0.data      2160817                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total      2160817                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu0.data      2160817                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total      2160817                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.614327                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.614327                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.044501                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.044501                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.596745                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.596745                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.596745                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.596745                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 24562.251990                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 24562.251990                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 39497.638355                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 39497.638355                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 24596.617871                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 24596.617871                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 24596.617871                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 24596.617871                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs        68127                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs             4151                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    16.412190                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        17580                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total            17580                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       525787                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       525787                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data           14                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       525801                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       525801                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       525801                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       525801                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       760702                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       760702                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         2953                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         2953                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       763655                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       763655                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       763655                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       763655                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  17404545000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  17404545000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    113501493                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    113501493                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  17518046493                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  17518046493                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  17518046493                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  17518046493                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.363252                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.363252                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.044291                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.044291                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.353410                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.353410                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.353410                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.353410                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 22879.583595                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 22879.583595                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 38435.994920                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 38435.994920                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 22939.739140                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 22939.739140                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 22939.739140                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 22939.739140                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements               19                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 512                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs                528                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs               19                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs            27.789474                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst          512                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          509                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses         14468595                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses        14468595                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst      3617123                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        3617123                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu0.inst      3617123                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total         3617123                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu0.inst      3617123                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total        3617123                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.inst           21                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           21                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::cpu0.inst           21                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total            21                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::cpu0.inst           21                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total           21                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       498000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total       498000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       498000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::total       498000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       498000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::total       498000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst      3617144                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      3617144                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst      3617144                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total      3617144                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst      3617144                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total      3617144                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000006                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000006                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000006                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000006                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000006                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000006                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 23714.285714                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 23714.285714                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 23714.285714                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 23714.285714                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 23714.285714                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 23714.285714                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::writebacks           19                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::total               19                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            2                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            2                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst            2                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            2                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst           19                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           19                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst           19                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           19                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst           19                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           19                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       466500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       466500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       466500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total       466500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       466500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total       466500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 24552.631579                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 24552.631579                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 24552.631579                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 24552.631579                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 24552.631579                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 24552.631579                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.branchPred.lookups                      0                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.condPredicted                0                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu1.branchPred.condIncorrect                0                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBLookups                   0                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHitPct                  nan                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu1.branchPred.usedRAS                      0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu1.branchPred.RASInCorrect                 0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectLookups              0                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectHits                 0                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectMisses               0                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu1.branchPredindirectMispredicted            0                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu1.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::samples                 0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::mean                  nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::stdev                 nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::0                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::1                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::2                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::3                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::4                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::5                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::6                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::7                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::8                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::max_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::total                   0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.idleRate                        nan                       # Percent of cycles fetch was idle
system.cpu1.fetch.branchRate                      nan                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.fetch.rate                            nan                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.rename.serializeStallCycles             0                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu1.rename.serializingInsts                 0                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.tempSerializingInsts             0                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.skidInsts                        0                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedLoads                   0                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedStores                  0                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingLoads                0                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingStores               0                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean             nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev            nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::0                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::1                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::2                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::3                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::4                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::5                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::6                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::7                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::8                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::total              0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemRead                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::total                     0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.rate                               nan                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_cnt                          0                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_rate                       nan                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                  0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads               0                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads            0                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            0                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores            0                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu1.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu1.iew.iewSquashCycles                     0                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu1.iew.iewBlockCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewUnblockCycles                    0                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispatchedInsts                  0                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispStoreInsts                   0                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                 0                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewIQFullEvents                     0                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                    0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             0                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu1.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect             0                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect            0                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.branchMispredicts                   0                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecutedInsts                    0                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu1.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_refs                           0                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_branches                       0                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_stores                         0                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_rate                         nan                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu1.iew.wb_sent                             0                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu1.iew.wb_count                            0                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu1.iew.wb_producers                        0                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_consumers                        0                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_rate                           nan                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu1.iew.wb_fanout                         nan                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::0            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::1            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::2            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::3            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::4            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::5            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::6            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::7            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::8            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::total            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committedInsts                   0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.commit.committedOps                     0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu1.commit.refs                             0                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu1.commit.loads                            0                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu1.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu1.commit.branches                         0                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu1.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.fp_insts                         0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.int_insts                        0                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.function_calls                   0                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntMult              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemRead              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::total                0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.bw_lim_events                    0                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu1.rob.rob_reads                           0                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu1.rob.rob_writes                          0                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu1.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu1.committedOps                            0                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu1.cpi                                   nan                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu1.cpi_total                             nan                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu1.ipc                                   nan                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu1.ipc_total                             nan                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.branchPred.lookups                      0                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu2.branchPred.condPredicted                0                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu2.branchPred.condIncorrect                0                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu2.branchPred.BTBLookups                   0                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu2.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu2.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu2.branchPred.BTBHitPct                  nan                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu2.branchPred.usedRAS                      0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu2.branchPred.RASInCorrect                 0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu2.branchPred.indirectLookups              0                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu2.branchPred.indirectHits                 0                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu2.branchPred.indirectMisses               0                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu2.branchPredindirectMispredicted            0                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu2.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu2.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu2.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu2.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu2.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu2.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu2.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu2.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu2.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::samples                 0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::mean                  nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::stdev                 nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::0                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::1                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::2                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::3                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::4                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::5                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::6                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::7                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::8                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::max_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::total                   0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.idleRate                        nan                       # Percent of cycles fetch was idle
system.cpu2.fetch.branchRate                      nan                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu2.fetch.rate                            nan                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu2.rename.serializeStallCycles             0                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu2.rename.serializingInsts                 0                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu2.rename.tempSerializingInsts             0                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu2.rename.skidInsts                        0                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu2.memDep0.insertedLoads                   0                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu2.memDep0.insertedStores                  0                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu2.memDep0.conflictingLoads                0                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu2.memDep0.conflictingStores               0                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean             nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev            nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::0                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::1                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::2                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::3                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::4                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::5                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::6                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::7                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::8                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::total              0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::MemRead                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::total                     0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.rate                               nan                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu2.iq.fu_busy_cnt                          0                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu2.iq.fu_busy_rate                       nan                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu2.iq.int_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu2.iq.int_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu2.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu2.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                  0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu2.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu2.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu2.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu2.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu2.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu2.iq.int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu2.iq.fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu2.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads               0                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads            0                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            0                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores            0                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu2.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu2.iew.iewSquashCycles                     0                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu2.iew.iewBlockCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu2.iew.iewUnblockCycles                    0                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu2.iew.iewDispatchedInsts                  0                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu2.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu2.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu2.iew.iewDispStoreInsts                   0                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu2.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                 0                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu2.iew.iewIQFullEvents                     0                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu2.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                    0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu2.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             0                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu2.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect             0                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu2.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect            0                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu2.iew.branchMispredicts                   0                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu2.iew.iewExecutedInsts                    0                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu2.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu2.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu2.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu2.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu2.iew.exec_refs                           0                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu2.iew.exec_branches                       0                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu2.iew.exec_stores                         0                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu2.iew.exec_rate                         nan                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu2.iew.wb_sent                             0                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu2.iew.wb_count                            0                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu2.iew.wb_producers                        0                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu2.iew.wb_consumers                        0                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu2.iew.wb_rate                           nan                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu2.iew.wb_fanout                         nan                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::0            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::1            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::2            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::3            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::4            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::5            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::6            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::7            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::8            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::total            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committedInsts                   0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu2.commit.committedOps                     0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu2.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu2.commit.refs                             0                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu2.commit.loads                            0                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu2.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu2.commit.branches                         0                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu2.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu2.commit.fp_insts                         0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu2.commit.int_insts                        0                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu2.commit.function_calls                   0                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::IntMult              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::MemRead              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::total                0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.bw_lim_events                    0                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu2.rob.rob_reads                           0                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu2.rob.rob_writes                          0                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu2.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu2.committedOps                            0                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu2.cpi                                   nan                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu2.cpi_total                             nan                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu2.ipc                                   nan                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu2.ipc_total                             nan                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.icache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu2.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu2.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.branchPred.lookups                      0                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu3.branchPred.condPredicted                0                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu3.branchPred.condIncorrect                0                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu3.branchPred.BTBLookups                   0                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu3.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu3.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu3.branchPred.BTBHitPct                  nan                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu3.branchPred.usedRAS                      0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu3.branchPred.RASInCorrect                 0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu3.branchPred.indirectLookups              0                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu3.branchPred.indirectHits                 0                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu3.branchPred.indirectMisses               0                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu3.branchPredindirectMispredicted            0                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu3.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu3.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu3.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu3.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu3.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu3.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu3.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu3.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu3.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu3.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::samples                 0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::mean                  nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::stdev                 nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::0                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::1                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::2                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::3                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::4                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::5                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::6                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::7                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::8                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::max_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::total                   0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.idleRate                        nan                       # Percent of cycles fetch was idle
system.cpu3.fetch.branchRate                      nan                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu3.fetch.rate                            nan                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu3.rename.serializeStallCycles             0                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu3.rename.serializingInsts                 0                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu3.rename.tempSerializingInsts             0                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu3.rename.skidInsts                        0                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu3.memDep0.insertedLoads                   0                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu3.memDep0.insertedStores                  0                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu3.memDep0.conflictingLoads                0                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu3.memDep0.conflictingStores               0                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean             nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev            nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::0                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::1                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::2                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::3                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::4                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::5                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::6                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::7                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::8                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::total              0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::MemRead                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::total                     0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.rate                               nan                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu3.iq.fu_busy_cnt                          0                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu3.iq.fu_busy_rate                       nan                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu3.iq.int_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu3.iq.int_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu3.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu3.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                  0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu3.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu3.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu3.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu3.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu3.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu3.iq.int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu3.iq.fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu3.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu3.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads               0                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu3.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu3.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads            0                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu3.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu3.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            0                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu3.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores            0                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu3.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu3.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu3.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu3.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu3.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu3.iew.iewSquashCycles                     0                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu3.iew.iewBlockCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu3.iew.iewUnblockCycles                    0                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu3.iew.iewDispatchedInsts                  0                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu3.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu3.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu3.iew.iewDispStoreInsts                   0                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu3.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                 0                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu3.iew.iewIQFullEvents                     0                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu3.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                    0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu3.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             0                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu3.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect             0                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu3.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect            0                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu3.iew.branchMispredicts                   0                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu3.iew.iewExecutedInsts                    0                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu3.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu3.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu3.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu3.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu3.iew.exec_refs                           0                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu3.iew.exec_branches                       0                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu3.iew.exec_stores                         0                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu3.iew.exec_rate                         nan                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu3.iew.wb_sent                             0                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu3.iew.wb_count                            0                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu3.iew.wb_producers                        0                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu3.iew.wb_consumers                        0                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu3.iew.wb_rate                           nan                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu3.iew.wb_fanout                         nan                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::0            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::1            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::2            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::3            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::4            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::5            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::6            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::7            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::8            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::total            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committedInsts                   0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu3.commit.committedOps                     0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu3.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu3.commit.refs                             0                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu3.commit.loads                            0                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu3.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu3.commit.branches                         0                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu3.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu3.commit.fp_insts                         0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu3.commit.int_insts                        0                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu3.commit.function_calls                   0                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::IntMult              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::MemRead              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::total                0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.bw_lim_events                    0                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu3.rob.rob_reads                           0                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu3.rob.rob_writes                          0                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu3.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu3.committedOps                            0                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu3.cpi                                   nan                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu3.cpi_total                             nan                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu3.ipc                                   nan                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu3.ipc_total                             nan                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.icache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu3.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu3.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu4.branchPred.lookups                      0                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu4.branchPred.condPredicted                0                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu4.branchPred.condIncorrect                0                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu4.branchPred.BTBLookups                   0                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu4.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu4.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu4.branchPred.BTBHitPct                  nan                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu4.branchPred.usedRAS                      0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu4.branchPred.RASInCorrect                 0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu4.branchPred.indirectLookups              0                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu4.branchPred.indirectHits                 0                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu4.branchPred.indirectMisses               0                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu4.branchPredindirectMispredicted            0                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu4.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu4.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu4.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu4.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu4.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu4.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu4.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu4.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu4.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu4.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu4.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu4.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu4.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu4.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu4.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu4.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu4.fetch.rateDist::samples                 0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu4.fetch.rateDist::mean                  nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu4.fetch.rateDist::stdev                 nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu4.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu4.fetch.rateDist::0                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu4.fetch.rateDist::1                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu4.fetch.rateDist::2                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu4.fetch.rateDist::3                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu4.fetch.rateDist::4                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu4.fetch.rateDist::5                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu4.fetch.rateDist::6                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu4.fetch.rateDist::7                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu4.fetch.rateDist::8                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu4.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu4.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu4.fetch.rateDist::max_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu4.fetch.rateDist::total                   0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu4.fetch.idleRate                        nan                       # Percent of cycles fetch was idle
system.cpu4.fetch.branchRate                      nan                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu4.fetch.rate                            nan                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu4.rename.serializeStallCycles             0                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu4.rename.serializingInsts                 0                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu4.rename.tempSerializingInsts             0                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu4.rename.skidInsts                        0                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu4.memDep0.insertedLoads                   0                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu4.memDep0.insertedStores                  0                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu4.memDep0.conflictingLoads                0                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu4.memDep0.conflictingStores               0                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu4.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu4.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean             nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu4.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev            nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu4.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu4.iq.issued_per_cycle::0                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu4.iq.issued_per_cycle::1                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu4.iq.issued_per_cycle::2                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu4.iq.issued_per_cycle::3                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu4.iq.issued_per_cycle::4                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu4.iq.issued_per_cycle::5                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu4.iq.issued_per_cycle::6                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu4.iq.issued_per_cycle::7                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu4.iq.issued_per_cycle::8                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu4.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu4.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu4.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu4.iq.issued_per_cycle::total              0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu4.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu4.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu4.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu4.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu4.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu4.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu4.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu4.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu4.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu4.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu4.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu4.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu4.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu4.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu4.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu4.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu4.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu4.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu4.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu4.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu4.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu4.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu4.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu4.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu4.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu4.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu4.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu4.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu4.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu4.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu4.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu4.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu4.iq.fu_full::MemRead                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu4.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu4.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu4.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu4.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu4.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu4.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu4.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu4.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu4.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu4.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu4.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu4.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu4.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu4.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu4.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu4.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu4.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu4.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu4.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu4.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu4.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu4.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu4.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu4.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu4.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu4.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu4.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu4.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu4.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu4.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu4.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu4.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu4.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu4.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu4.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu4.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu4.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu4.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu4.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu4.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu4.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu4.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu4.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu4.iq.FU_type_0::total                     0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu4.iq.rate                               nan                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu4.iq.fu_busy_cnt                          0                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu4.iq.fu_busy_rate                       nan                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu4.iq.int_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu4.iq.int_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu4.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu4.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                  0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu4.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu4.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu4.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu4.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu4.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu4.iq.int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu4.iq.fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu4.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu4.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads               0                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu4.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu4.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads            0                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu4.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu4.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            0                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu4.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores            0                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu4.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu4.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu4.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu4.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu4.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu4.iew.iewSquashCycles                     0                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu4.iew.iewBlockCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu4.iew.iewUnblockCycles                    0                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu4.iew.iewDispatchedInsts                  0                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu4.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu4.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu4.iew.iewDispStoreInsts                   0                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu4.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                 0                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu4.iew.iewIQFullEvents                     0                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu4.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                    0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu4.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             0                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu4.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect             0                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu4.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect            0                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu4.iew.branchMispredicts                   0                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu4.iew.iewExecutedInsts                    0                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu4.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu4.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu4.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu4.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu4.iew.exec_refs                           0                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu4.iew.exec_branches                       0                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu4.iew.exec_stores                         0                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu4.iew.exec_rate                         nan                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu4.iew.wb_sent                             0                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu4.iew.wb_count                            0                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu4.iew.wb_producers                        0                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu4.iew.wb_consumers                        0                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu4.iew.wb_rate                           nan                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu4.iew.wb_fanout                         nan                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu4.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu4.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu4.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu4.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu4.commit.committed_per_cycle::0            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu4.commit.committed_per_cycle::1            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu4.commit.committed_per_cycle::2            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu4.commit.committed_per_cycle::3            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu4.commit.committed_per_cycle::4            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu4.commit.committed_per_cycle::5            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu4.commit.committed_per_cycle::6            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu4.commit.committed_per_cycle::7            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu4.commit.committed_per_cycle::8            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu4.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu4.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu4.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu4.commit.committed_per_cycle::total            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu4.commit.committedInsts                   0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu4.commit.committedOps                     0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu4.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu4.commit.refs                             0                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu4.commit.loads                            0                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu4.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu4.commit.branches                         0                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu4.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu4.commit.fp_insts                         0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu4.commit.int_insts                        0                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu4.commit.function_calls                   0                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu4.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu4.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu4.commit.op_class_0::IntMult              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu4.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu4.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu4.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu4.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu4.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu4.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu4.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu4.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu4.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu4.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu4.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu4.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu4.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu4.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu4.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu4.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu4.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu4.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu4.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu4.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu4.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu4.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu4.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu4.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu4.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu4.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu4.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu4.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu4.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu4.commit.op_class_0::MemRead              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu4.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu4.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu4.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu4.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu4.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu4.commit.op_class_0::total                0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu4.commit.bw_lim_events                    0                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu4.rob.rob_reads                           0                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu4.rob.rob_writes                          0                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu4.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu4.committedOps                            0                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu4.cpi                                   nan                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu4.cpi_total                             nan                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu4.ipc                                   nan                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu4.ipc_total                             nan                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu4.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu4.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu4.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu4.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu4.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu4.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu4.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu4.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu4.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu4.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu4.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu4.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu4.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu4.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu4.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu4.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu4.icache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu4.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu4.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu4.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu4.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu4.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu4.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu4.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu4.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu4.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu4.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu4.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu4.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu4.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu4.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu4.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu4.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu4.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu4.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu4.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu4.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu4.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu5.branchPred.lookups                      0                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu5.branchPred.condPredicted                0                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu5.branchPred.condIncorrect                0                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu5.branchPred.BTBLookups                   0                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu5.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu5.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu5.branchPred.BTBHitPct                  nan                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu5.branchPred.usedRAS                      0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu5.branchPred.RASInCorrect                 0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu5.branchPred.indirectLookups              0                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu5.branchPred.indirectHits                 0                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu5.branchPred.indirectMisses               0                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu5.branchPredindirectMispredicted            0                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu5.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu5.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu5.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu5.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu5.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu5.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu5.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu5.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu5.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu5.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu5.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu5.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu5.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu5.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu5.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu5.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu5.fetch.rateDist::samples                 0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu5.fetch.rateDist::mean                  nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu5.fetch.rateDist::stdev                 nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu5.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu5.fetch.rateDist::0                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu5.fetch.rateDist::1                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu5.fetch.rateDist::2                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu5.fetch.rateDist::3                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu5.fetch.rateDist::4                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu5.fetch.rateDist::5                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu5.fetch.rateDist::6                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu5.fetch.rateDist::7                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu5.fetch.rateDist::8                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu5.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu5.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu5.fetch.rateDist::max_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu5.fetch.rateDist::total                   0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu5.fetch.idleRate                        nan                       # Percent of cycles fetch was idle
system.cpu5.fetch.branchRate                      nan                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu5.fetch.rate                            nan                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu5.rename.serializeStallCycles             0                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu5.rename.serializingInsts                 0                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu5.rename.tempSerializingInsts             0                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu5.rename.skidInsts                        0                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu5.memDep0.insertedLoads                   0                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu5.memDep0.insertedStores                  0                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu5.memDep0.conflictingLoads                0                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu5.memDep0.conflictingStores               0                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu5.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu5.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean             nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu5.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev            nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu5.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu5.iq.issued_per_cycle::0                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu5.iq.issued_per_cycle::1                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu5.iq.issued_per_cycle::2                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu5.iq.issued_per_cycle::3                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu5.iq.issued_per_cycle::4                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu5.iq.issued_per_cycle::5                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu5.iq.issued_per_cycle::6                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu5.iq.issued_per_cycle::7                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu5.iq.issued_per_cycle::8                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu5.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu5.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu5.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu5.iq.issued_per_cycle::total              0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu5.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu5.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu5.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu5.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu5.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu5.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu5.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu5.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu5.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu5.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu5.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu5.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu5.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu5.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu5.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu5.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu5.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu5.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu5.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu5.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu5.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu5.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu5.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu5.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu5.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu5.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu5.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu5.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu5.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu5.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu5.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu5.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu5.iq.fu_full::MemRead                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu5.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu5.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu5.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu5.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu5.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu5.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu5.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu5.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu5.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu5.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu5.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu5.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu5.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu5.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu5.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu5.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu5.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu5.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu5.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu5.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu5.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu5.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu5.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu5.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu5.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu5.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu5.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu5.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu5.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu5.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu5.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu5.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu5.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu5.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu5.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu5.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu5.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu5.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu5.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu5.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu5.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu5.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu5.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu5.iq.FU_type_0::total                     0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu5.iq.rate                               nan                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu5.iq.fu_busy_cnt                          0                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu5.iq.fu_busy_rate                       nan                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu5.iq.int_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu5.iq.int_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu5.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu5.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                  0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu5.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu5.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu5.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu5.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu5.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu5.iq.int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu5.iq.fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu5.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu5.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads               0                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu5.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu5.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads            0                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu5.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu5.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            0                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu5.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores            0                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu5.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu5.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu5.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu5.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu5.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu5.iew.iewSquashCycles                     0                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu5.iew.iewBlockCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu5.iew.iewUnblockCycles                    0                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu5.iew.iewDispatchedInsts                  0                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu5.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu5.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu5.iew.iewDispStoreInsts                   0                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu5.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                 0                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu5.iew.iewIQFullEvents                     0                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu5.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                    0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu5.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             0                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu5.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect             0                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu5.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect            0                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu5.iew.branchMispredicts                   0                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu5.iew.iewExecutedInsts                    0                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu5.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu5.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu5.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu5.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu5.iew.exec_refs                           0                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu5.iew.exec_branches                       0                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu5.iew.exec_stores                         0                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu5.iew.exec_rate                         nan                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu5.iew.wb_sent                             0                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu5.iew.wb_count                            0                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu5.iew.wb_producers                        0                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu5.iew.wb_consumers                        0                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu5.iew.wb_rate                           nan                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu5.iew.wb_fanout                         nan                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu5.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu5.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu5.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu5.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu5.commit.committed_per_cycle::0            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu5.commit.committed_per_cycle::1            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu5.commit.committed_per_cycle::2            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu5.commit.committed_per_cycle::3            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu5.commit.committed_per_cycle::4            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu5.commit.committed_per_cycle::5            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu5.commit.committed_per_cycle::6            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu5.commit.committed_per_cycle::7            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu5.commit.committed_per_cycle::8            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu5.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu5.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu5.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu5.commit.committed_per_cycle::total            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu5.commit.committedInsts                   0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu5.commit.committedOps                     0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu5.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu5.commit.refs                             0                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu5.commit.loads                            0                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu5.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu5.commit.branches                         0                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu5.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu5.commit.fp_insts                         0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu5.commit.int_insts                        0                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu5.commit.function_calls                   0                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu5.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu5.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu5.commit.op_class_0::IntMult              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu5.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu5.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu5.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu5.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu5.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu5.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu5.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu5.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu5.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu5.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu5.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu5.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu5.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu5.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu5.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu5.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu5.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu5.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu5.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu5.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu5.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu5.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu5.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu5.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu5.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu5.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu5.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu5.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu5.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu5.commit.op_class_0::MemRead              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu5.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu5.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu5.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu5.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu5.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu5.commit.op_class_0::total                0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu5.commit.bw_lim_events                    0                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu5.rob.rob_reads                           0                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu5.rob.rob_writes                          0                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu5.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu5.committedOps                            0                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu5.cpi                                   nan                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu5.cpi_total                             nan                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu5.ipc                                   nan                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu5.ipc_total                             nan                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu5.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu5.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu5.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu5.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu5.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu5.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu5.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu5.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu5.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu5.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu5.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu5.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu5.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu5.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu5.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu5.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu5.icache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu5.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu5.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu5.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu5.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu5.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu5.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu5.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu5.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu5.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu5.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu5.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu5.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu5.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu5.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu5.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu5.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu5.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu5.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu5.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu5.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu5.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.replacements                     92430                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                       131072                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                     1886037                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                     92430                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                     20.405031                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks        9.774535                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst         1.755137                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data     131060.470328                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.000075                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst        0.000013                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data        0.999912                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total                   1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024        131072                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            9                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          631                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         6152                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3        48360                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4        75920                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                  12298742                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                 12298742                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks        17580                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total            17580                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks           19                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total               19                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu0.data              2314                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                  2314                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu0.inst             16                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::total                 16                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu0.data        668919                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total            668919                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.inst                   16                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.data               671233                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                   671249                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.inst                  16                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.data              671233                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                  671249                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0.data             639                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                 639                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu0.inst            3                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total                3                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu0.data        91783                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total           91783                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.inst                  3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.data              92422                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                  92425                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.inst                 3                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.data             92422                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                 92425                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data     84364500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      84364500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       269500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total       269500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data   9049737000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total   9049737000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       269500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data   9134101500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total       9134371000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       269500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data   9134101500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total      9134371000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks        17580                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        17580                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks           19                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total           19                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0.data          2953                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total              2953                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu0.inst           19                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total             19                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu0.data       760702                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total        760702                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst               19                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.data           763655                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total               763674                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst              19                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.data          763655                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total              763674                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.216390                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.216390                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.157895                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total      0.157895                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.120656                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.120656                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst        0.157895                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data        0.121026                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.121027                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst       0.157895                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data       0.121026                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.121027                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 132025.821596                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 132025.821596                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 89833.333333                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total 89833.333333                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 98599.272196                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 98599.272196                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 89833.333333                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 98830.381294                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 98830.089262                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 89833.333333                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 98830.381294                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 98830.089262                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                 1109                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                      1109                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data          639                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            639                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst            3                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        91783                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total        91783                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst             3                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         92422                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total             92425                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst            3                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        92422                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total            92425                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     77974500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     77974500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       239500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       239500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   8131897000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   8131897000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       239500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   8209871500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   8210111000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       239500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   8209871500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   8210111000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.216390                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.216390                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.157895                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.157895                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.120656                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.120656                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.157895                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.121026                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.121027                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.157895                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.121026                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.121027                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 122025.821596                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 122025.821596                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 79833.333333                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 79833.333333                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 88599.163244                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 88599.163244                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 79833.333333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 88830.273095                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 88829.981066                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 79833.333333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 88830.273095                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 88829.981066                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests        184848                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests        92424                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              91787                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         1109                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict            91314                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq               639                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp              639                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq         91786                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       277274                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total       277274                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 277274                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port      5986240                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total      5986240                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                 5986240                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples             92425                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                   92425    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total               92425                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer12.occupancy          216318500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer12.utilization              1.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy          509072000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              3.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests      1527347                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       763675                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests         1558                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops              7                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            7                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp            760720                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        18689                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean           19                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict          837395                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq             2953                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp            2953                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq            19                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       760702                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side           57                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      2290963                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total               2291020                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side         2432                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     49998976                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total               50001408                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                           92430                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                     70976                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples           856104                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.001830                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.042744                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                 854537     99.82%     99.82% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                   1567      0.18%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::5                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::6                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::7                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::8                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::9                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::10                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::11                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::12                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::13                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::14                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::15                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::16                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::17                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::18                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::19                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::20                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::21                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::22                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::23                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::24                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total             856104                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy          781272500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              5.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy             28500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy        1145481000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             7.5                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
