
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.015267                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 15267344125                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               1954220048000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                               15333355                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                 27822765                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               53712558                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1248976                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                   284.24                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  4358377045                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                    7908387114                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.data         918848                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total             918848                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks       859200                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total          859200                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.data           14357                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total               14357                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks         13425                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total              13425                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.data          60183880                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total              60183880                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks        56276979                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total             56276979                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks        56276979                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.data         60183880                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total            116460858                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                       14357                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                      13425                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                     14357                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                    13425                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM                 918848                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                       0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                  860032                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                  918848                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys               859200                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                      0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0               896                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1               896                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2               896                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3               915                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4               923                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5               897                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6               831                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7               768                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8               884                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9               920                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10             1018                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11              896                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12              896                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13              897                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14              916                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15              908                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0               896                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1               896                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2               896                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3               799                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4               774                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5               769                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6               687                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7               640                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8               756                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9               791                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10             1017                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11              896                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12              896                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13              897                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14              891                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15              937                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                   15266922000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                 14357                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6                13425                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                   14356                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                       1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                    726                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                    728                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                    748                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                    748                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                    748                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                    748                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                    748                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                    748                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                    748                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                    748                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                    748                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                    748                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                    748                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                    748                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                    748                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                    749                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                    749                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                    749                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples         6030                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    294.994362                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   182.674102                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev   290.644330                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127         2451     40.65%     40.65% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255          785     13.02%     53.67% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383          568      9.42%     63.08% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511         1464     24.28%     87.36% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639           46      0.76%     88.13% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767           63      1.04%     89.17% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895           45      0.75%     89.92% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           90      1.49%     91.41% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          518      8.59%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total         6030                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples          749                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean      19.185581                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean     18.548937                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev      8.877148                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::16-23           733     97.86%     97.86% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::24-31             1      0.13%     98.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::32-39             1      0.13%     98.13% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::40-47             3      0.40%     98.53% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::48-55             3      0.40%     98.93% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::56-63             1      0.13%     99.07% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::72-79             1      0.13%     99.20% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::88-95             2      0.27%     99.47% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::96-103            1      0.13%     99.60% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::104-111            2      0.27%     99.87% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::136-143            1      0.13%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total           749                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples          749                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      17.941255                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     17.937918                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev      0.333943                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16               21      2.80%      2.80% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::17                2      0.27%      3.07% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::18              726     96.93%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total           749                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                    333567500                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat               602761250                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                   71785000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     23233.79                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                41983.79                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                        60.18                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                        56.33                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                     60.18                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                     56.28                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         0.91                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     0.47                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    0.44                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      24.68                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                    10438                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                   11327                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 72.70                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                84.37                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                     549525.66                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    78.34                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                 15536640                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                  8254125                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy                50137080                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy               33183540                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         985882560.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy            471012090                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy             48342240                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy      3205072950                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy       918333600                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy       1270447620                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy             7006391145                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            458.913554                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime          14107539625                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE     77850000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF     418648000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF   4687943125                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN   2391407000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT     662636250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   7028859750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                 27517560                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                 14629725                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy                52371900                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy               36962820                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         1285826880.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy            812963640                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy             57736320                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy      3694619730                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy      1474074720                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy        518264220                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy             7975040775                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            522.359404                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime          13333935375                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE     97164000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF     545918000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF   1393022000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN   3838738000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT    1290212250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   8102289875                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.branchPred.lookups                5259171                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.condPredicted          5259171                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu0.branchPred.condIncorrect           102489                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBLookups             3614462                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHitPct             0.000000                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu0.branchPred.usedRAS                 730331                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu0.branchPred.RASInCorrect                 5                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectLookups        3614462                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectHits           2538852                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectMisses         1075610                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu0.branchPredindirectMispredicted           26                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb.rdAccesses                    8929847                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrAccesses                    2114843                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.dtb.rdMisses                          237                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrAccesses                    6247685                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.workload.numSyscalls                    0                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.numCycles                        30534689                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.fetch.icacheStallCycles           6302144                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu0.fetch.Insts                      46188555                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu0.fetch.Branches                    5259171                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu0.fetch.predictedBranches           3269183                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu0.fetch.Cycles                     24129955                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu0.fetch.SquashCycles                 205180                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu0.fetch.CacheLines                  6247685                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu0.fetch.IcacheSquashes                48107                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::samples          30534689                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::mean             2.645203                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::stdev            3.359870                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::0                16796234     55.01%     55.01% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::1                  711206      2.33%     57.34% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::2                 1653510      5.42%     62.75% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::3                  691302      2.26%     65.02% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::4                 1022033      3.35%     68.36% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::5                 1570469      5.14%     73.51% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::6                  579760      1.90%     75.40% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::7                  822129      2.69%     78.10% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::8                 6688046     21.90%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::total            30534689                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.branchRate                 0.172236                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.fetch.rate                       1.512658                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.decode.IdleCycles                 4042808                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu0.decode.BlockedCycles             15911415                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu0.decode.RunCycles                  6038310                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu0.decode.UnblockCycles              4439566                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu0.decode.SquashCycles                102590                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu0.decode.DecodedInsts              77439613                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu0.rename.SquashCycles                102590                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu0.rename.IdleCycles                 5786540                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu0.rename.BlockCycles                5603490                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu0.rename.serializeStallCycles             0                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu0.rename.RunCycles                  8675088                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu0.rename.UnblockCycles             10366981                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedInsts              76941533                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu0.rename.ROBFullEvents               230426                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu0.rename.IQFullEvents               9260438                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu0.rename.LQFullEvents                   125                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedOperands           82718327                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu0.rename.RenameLookups            182829641                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu0.rename.int_rename_lookups        60320047                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.fp_rename_lookups         74750428                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.CommittedMaps             70994118                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu0.rename.UndoneMaps                11724185                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu0.rename.serializingInsts                 0                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.tempSerializingInsts             0                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.skidInsts                 23838369                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedLoads             9485822                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedStores            2117140                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingLoads           428859                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingStores          136480                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsAdded                  76309982                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsIssued                 70978914                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued               38                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined        9946865                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     14356240                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     30534689                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        2.324534                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       1.958835                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::0            6242569     20.44%     20.44% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::1            6168640     20.20%     40.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::2            5693090     18.64%     59.29% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::3            4838649     15.85%     75.14% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::4            3016266      9.88%     85.02% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::5            1966602      6.44%     91.46% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::6            1593571      5.22%     96.67% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::7             673769      2.21%     98.88% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::8             341533      1.12%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       30534689                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                     41      0.04%      0.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0      0.00%      0.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%      0.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                98988     99.78%     99.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%     99.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%     99.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0      0.00%     99.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0      0.00%     99.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%     99.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0      0.00%     99.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%     99.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%     99.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%     99.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%     99.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%     99.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%     99.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%     99.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%     99.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%     99.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%     99.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%     99.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%     99.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%     99.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%     99.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%     99.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%     99.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%     99.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%     99.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%     99.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     99.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%     99.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemRead                   182      0.18%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                    0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass             6267      0.01%      0.01% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu             36920663     52.02%     52.03% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                   0      0.00%     52.03% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0      0.00%     52.03% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd           23032112     32.45%     84.47% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     84.47% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     84.47% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     84.47% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     84.47% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0      0.00%     84.47% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0      0.00%     84.47% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     84.47% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     84.47% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     84.47% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     84.47% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     84.47% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     84.47% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0      0.00%     84.47% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     84.47% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     84.47% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     84.47% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     84.47% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     84.47% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     84.47% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     84.47% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     84.47% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     84.47% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     84.47% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0      0.00%     84.47% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     84.47% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.47% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     84.47% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead             1973381      2.78%     87.25% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite            1483526      2.09%     89.34% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead        6931047      9.76%     99.11% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite        631918      0.89%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::total              70978914                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.rate                          2.324534                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_cnt                      99211                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.001398                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_reads          97769775                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_writes         37409354                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     33557575                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads           74821993                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes          48847594                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     37221507                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.int_alu_accesses              33611364                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_alu_accesses               37460494                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads          422525                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      1317124                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            2                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          101                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         3659                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            1                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu0.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu0.iew.iewSquashCycles                102590                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu0.iew.iewBlockCycles                3202820                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewUnblockCycles               116844                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispatchedInsts           76309982                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispLoadInsts              9485822                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispStoreInsts             2117140                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                 0                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewIQFullEvents                103385                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                    0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           101                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu0.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         58110                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        44464                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.branchMispredicts              102574                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecutedInsts             70787728                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecLoadInsts              8903370                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts           191188                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu0.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_refs                    11018213                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_branches                 4745370                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_stores                   2114843                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_rate                    2.318272                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu0.iew.wb_sent                      70783724                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu0.iew.wb_count                     70779082                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu0.iew.wb_producers                 52716856                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_consumers                 92877289                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_rate                      2.317989                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu0.iew.wb_fanout                    0.567597                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu0.commit.commitSquashedInsts        9946865                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu0.commit.branchMispredicts           102489                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     29262271                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     2.267873                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     2.866123                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     10899974     37.25%     37.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      7555647     25.82%     63.07% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      1063672      3.63%     66.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      2929069     10.01%     76.71% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      1144666      3.91%     80.63% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       218767      0.75%     81.37% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       423752      1.45%     82.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       535894      1.83%     84.65% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      4490830     15.35%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     29262271                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committedInsts            37383710                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.commit.committedOps              66363107                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu0.commit.refs                      10282175                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu0.commit.loads                      8168697                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu0.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu0.commit.branches                   4645331                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu0.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.fp_insts                  34317841                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.int_insts                 41193267                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.function_calls              631902                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass         6034      0.01%      0.01% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu        34492606     51.98%     51.98% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntMult              0      0.00%     51.98% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv               0      0.00%     51.98% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd      21582292     32.52%     84.51% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     84.51% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     84.51% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     84.51% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.51% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     84.51% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0      0.00%     84.51% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     84.51% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     84.51% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     84.51% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     84.51% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     84.51% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     84.51% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     84.51% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0      0.00%     84.51% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.51% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     84.51% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     84.51% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     84.51% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     84.51% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     84.51% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     84.51% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     84.51% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     84.51% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     84.51% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     84.51% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.51% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     84.51% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemRead        1963544      2.96%     87.46% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite       1481570      2.23%     89.70% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead      6205153      9.35%     99.05% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite       631908      0.95%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::total         66363107                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.bw_lim_events              4490830                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu0.rob.rob_reads                   101081413                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu0.rob.rob_writes                  153892405                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu0.committedInsts                   37383710                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu0.committedOps                     66363107                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu0.cpi                              0.816791                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu0.cpi_total                        0.816791                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu0.ipc                              1.224303                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu0.ipc_total                        1.224303                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_reads                56435379                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_writes               28682086                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_reads                 64923362                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_writes                33338229                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_reads                 20765949                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_writes                13488088                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu0.misc_regfile_reads               24191111                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements            14380                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                1024                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs            1074793                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs            14380                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs            74.742211                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data         1024                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           10                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           84                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          677                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           33                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          220                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         42497560                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses        42497560                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data      8492853                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        8492853                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.data      2113478                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       2113478                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu0.data     10606331                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total        10606331                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu0.data     10606331                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total       10606331                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data        14464                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        14464                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu0.data        14464                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total         14464                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu0.data        14464                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total        14464                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data   1378395500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1378395500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data   1378395500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1378395500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data   1378395500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1378395500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data      8507317                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8507317                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.data      2113478                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      2113478                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu0.data     10620795                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total     10620795                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu0.data     10620795                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total     10620795                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.001700                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.001700                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.001362                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.001362                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.001362                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.001362                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 95298.361449                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 95298.361449                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 95298.361449                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 95298.361449                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 95298.361449                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 95298.361449                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        13524                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total            13524                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data           84                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           84                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.data           84                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total           84                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.data           84                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total           84                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        14380                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        14380                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        14380                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        14380                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        14380                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        14380                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   1357898500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1357898500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   1357898500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1357898500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   1357898500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1357898500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.001690                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001690                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.001354                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001354                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.001354                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001354                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 94429.659249                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 94429.659249                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 94429.659249                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 94429.659249                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 94429.659249                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 94429.659249                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse                1020                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst         1020                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.996094                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.996094                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1020                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         1020                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.996094                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses         24990740                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses        24990740                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst      6247685                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        6247685                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu0.inst      6247685                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total         6247685                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu0.inst      6247685                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total        6247685                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst      6247685                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      6247685                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst      6247685                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total      6247685                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst      6247685                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total      6247685                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.branchPred.lookups                      0                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.condPredicted                0                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu1.branchPred.condIncorrect                0                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBLookups                   0                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHitPct                  nan                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu1.branchPred.usedRAS                      0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu1.branchPred.RASInCorrect                 0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectLookups              0                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectHits                 0                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectMisses               0                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu1.branchPredindirectMispredicted            0                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu1.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::samples                 0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::mean                  nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::stdev                 nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::0                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::1                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::2                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::3                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::4                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::5                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::6                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::7                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::8                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::max_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::total                   0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.idleRate                        nan                       # Percent of cycles fetch was idle
system.cpu1.fetch.branchRate                      nan                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.fetch.rate                            nan                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.rename.serializeStallCycles             0                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu1.rename.serializingInsts                 0                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.tempSerializingInsts             0                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.skidInsts                        0                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedLoads                   0                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedStores                  0                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingLoads                0                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingStores               0                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean             nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev            nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::0                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::1                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::2                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::3                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::4                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::5                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::6                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::7                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::8                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::total              0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemRead                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::total                     0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.rate                               nan                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_cnt                          0                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_rate                       nan                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                  0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads               0                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads            0                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            0                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores            0                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu1.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu1.iew.iewSquashCycles                     0                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu1.iew.iewBlockCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewUnblockCycles                    0                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispatchedInsts                  0                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispStoreInsts                   0                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                 0                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewIQFullEvents                     0                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                    0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             0                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu1.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect             0                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect            0                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.branchMispredicts                   0                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecutedInsts                    0                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu1.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_refs                           0                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_branches                       0                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_stores                         0                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_rate                         nan                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu1.iew.wb_sent                             0                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu1.iew.wb_count                            0                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu1.iew.wb_producers                        0                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_consumers                        0                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_rate                           nan                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu1.iew.wb_fanout                         nan                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::0            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::1            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::2            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::3            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::4            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::5            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::6            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::7            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::8            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::total            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committedInsts                   0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.commit.committedOps                     0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu1.commit.refs                             0                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu1.commit.loads                            0                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu1.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu1.commit.branches                         0                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu1.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.fp_insts                         0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.int_insts                        0                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.function_calls                   0                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntMult              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemRead              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::total                0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.bw_lim_events                    0                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu1.rob.rob_reads                           0                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu1.rob.rob_writes                          0                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu1.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu1.committedOps                            0                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu1.cpi                                   nan                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu1.cpi_total                             nan                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu1.ipc                                   nan                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu1.ipc_total                             nan                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.replacements                     14357                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                        16384                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                       14357                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                     14357                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                             1                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data            16384                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data               1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total                   1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         16384                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           10                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           84                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          841                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         8461                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         6988                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                    244437                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                   244437                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks        13524                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total            13524                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu0.data            23                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total                23                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.data                   23                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                       23                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.data                  23                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                      23                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu0.data        14357                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total           14357                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.data              14357                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                  14357                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.data             14357                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                 14357                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data   1336079500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total   1336079500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data   1336079500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total       1336079500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data   1336079500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total      1336079500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks        13524                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        13524                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu0.data        14380                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total         14380                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.data            14380                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total                14380                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.data           14380                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total               14380                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.998401                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.998401                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data        0.998401                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.998401                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data       0.998401                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.998401                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 93061.189664                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 93061.189664                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 93061.189664                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 93061.189664                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 93061.189664                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 93061.189664                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                13425                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                     13425                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        14357                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total        14357                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         14357                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total             14357                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        14357                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total            14357                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   1192509500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1192509500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   1192509500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1192509500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   1192509500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1192509500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.998401                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.998401                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.998401                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.998401                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.998401                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.998401                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 83061.189664                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 83061.189664                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 83061.189664                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 83061.189664                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 83061.189664                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 83061.189664                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests         28714                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests        14357                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              14357                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        13425                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict              932                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq         14357                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port        43071                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total        43071                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  43071                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port      1778048                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total      1778048                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                 1778048                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples             14357                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                   14357    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total               14357                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer4.occupancy            86028500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer4.utilization               0.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy           76459750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests        28760                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests        14380                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops              0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp             14380                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        26949                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict            1788                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        14380                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        43140                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total                 43140                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      1785856                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total                1785856                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                           14357                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                    859200                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples            28737                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev                  0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                  28737    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::5                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::6                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::7                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::8                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total              28737                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy           27904000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy          21570000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
