
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.015267                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 15267344125                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               7908484256750                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                              132574239                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                246756123                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              342010520                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1248976                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                    44.64                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  5918109534                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   11015187342                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.data       12770176                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total           12770176                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks        20864                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total           20864                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.data          199534                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total              199534                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks           326                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total                326                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.data         836437294                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total             836437294                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks         1366577                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total              1366577                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks         1366577                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.data        836437294                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total            837803870                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                      199535                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                        326                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                    199535                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                      326                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM               12766848                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                    3392                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                   20480                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                12770240                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys                20864                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                     53                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     4                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0             12388                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1             12288                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2             12319                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3             12205                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4             12368                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5             12622                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6             12393                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7             12445                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8             12659                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9             12511                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10            12464                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11            12621                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12            12870                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13            12727                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14            12332                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15            12270                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1                19                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7                 1                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8               122                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9                51                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12              118                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13                9                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                   15267416500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                199535                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6                  326                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                  150007                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                   46216                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                    3236                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                      23                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                     20                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                     21                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                     21                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                     20                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                     20                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                     20                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                     20                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                     20                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                     20                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                     20                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                     20                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                     20                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                     20                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                     20                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                     20                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                     20                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples        97417                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    131.276307                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   112.871919                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev    77.596468                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127        40090     41.15%     41.15% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255        45652     46.86%     88.02% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383        10106     10.37%     98.39% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511         1423      1.46%     99.85% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639          119      0.12%     99.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767           10      0.01%     99.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895            7      0.01%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023            4      0.00%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151            6      0.01%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total        97417                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples           20                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean    9934.600000                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean   9634.275778                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev   2528.035589                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::6144-6655            3     15.00%     15.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::7168-7679            1      5.00%     20.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::8192-8703            2     10.00%     30.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::8704-9215            3     15.00%     45.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::9216-9727            1      5.00%     50.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::9728-10239            2     10.00%     60.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::10240-10751            1      5.00%     65.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::10752-11263            2     10.00%     75.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::12288-12799            2     10.00%     85.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::12800-13311            1      5.00%     90.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::14336-14847            2     10.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total            20                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples           20                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean             16                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     16.000000                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16               20    100.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total            20                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                   4794966000                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat              8535253500                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                  997410000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     24037.09                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                42787.09                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                       836.22                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                         1.34                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                    836.44                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                      1.37                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         6.54                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     6.53                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.33                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      25.42                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                   102109                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                     281                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 51.19                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                87.27                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                      76390.17                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    51.25                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                345668820                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                183742515                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy               707059920                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy                 104400                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         1205923680.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy           1637702340                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy             24572160                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy      5163423090                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy       110724480                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy     614640.000000                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy             9379634235                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            614.359260                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime          11612387125                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE      9984000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF     510126000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF        42500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    288406250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT    3134763250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  11324022125                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                349852860                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                185955000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy               717241560                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy                1566000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         1205309040.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy           1657069230                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy             24419040                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy      5159569890                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy        97913280                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy                0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy             9398895900                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            615.620885                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime          11570484125                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE      9399250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF     509860000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    255154250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT    3177600750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  11315329875                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.branchPred.lookups                1414069                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.condPredicted          1414069                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu0.branchPred.condIncorrect            55646                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBLookups             1137337                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHitPct             0.000000                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu0.branchPred.usedRAS                  35720                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu0.branchPred.RASInCorrect              5694                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectLookups        1137337                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectHits            606224                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectMisses          531113                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu0.branchPredindirectMispredicted        17817                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb.rdAccesses                     649931                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrAccesses                      42386                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.dtb.rdMisses                       134370                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrMisses                          703                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrAccesses                    1187806                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrMisses                         3548                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.workload.numSyscalls                    0                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.numCycles                        30534688                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.fetch.icacheStallCycles           1213243                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu0.fetch.Insts                       4072288                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu0.fetch.Branches                    1414069                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu0.fetch.predictedBranches            641944                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu0.fetch.Cycles                     29179617                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu0.fetch.SquashCycles                 113622                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu0.fetch.TlbCycles                      1625                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
system.cpu0.fetch.MiscStallCycles                 839                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu0.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles        31915                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu0.fetch.CacheLines                  1184258                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu0.fetch.IcacheSquashes                 5738                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.ItlbSquashes                      6                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::samples          30484050                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::mean             0.268409                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::stdev            1.306730                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::0                28883224     94.75%     94.75% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::1                   24632      0.08%     94.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::2                  596800      1.96%     96.79% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::3                   20896      0.07%     96.86% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::4                  115468      0.38%     97.23% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::5                   45079      0.15%     97.38% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::6                   74874      0.25%     97.63% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::7                   19851      0.07%     97.69% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::8                  703226      2.31%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::total            30484050                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.branchRate                 0.046310                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.fetch.rate                       0.133366                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.decode.IdleCycles                  585466                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu0.decode.BlockedCycles             28808546                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu0.decode.RunCycles                   750225                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu0.decode.UnblockCycles               283002                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu0.decode.SquashCycles                 56811                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu0.decode.DecodedInsts               6691686                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu0.rename.SquashCycles                 56811                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu0.rename.IdleCycles                  666406                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu0.rename.BlockCycles               27634397                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu0.rename.serializeStallCycles         10127                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu0.rename.RunCycles                   879800                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu0.rename.UnblockCycles              1236509                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedInsts               6429489                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu0.rename.ROBFullEvents                51071                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu0.rename.IQFullEvents                958616                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu0.rename.LQFullEvents                237199                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu0.rename.SQFullEvents                   527                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedOperands            7655331                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu0.rename.RenameLookups             17929403                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu0.rename.int_rename_lookups         8385686                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.fp_rename_lookups            31052                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.CommittedMaps              2669379                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu0.rename.UndoneMaps                 4985947                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu0.rename.serializingInsts               242                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.tempSerializingInsts           293                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.skidInsts                  1808472                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedLoads             1174503                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedStores              61563                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingLoads             2666                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingStores            2963                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsAdded                   6120150                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu0.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded               3601                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsIssued                  4325839                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued             3968                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined        3895367                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      8274611                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          3601                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     30484050                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        0.141905                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       0.681914                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::0           28670726     94.05%     94.05% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::1             740896      2.43%     96.48% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::2             382229      1.25%     97.74% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::3             254268      0.83%     98.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::4             270026      0.89%     99.46% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::5              69440      0.23%     99.68% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::6              60445      0.20%     99.88% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::7              20453      0.07%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::8              15567      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       30484050                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                   7877     69.27%     69.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0      0.00%     69.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%     69.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                  897      7.89%     77.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%     77.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%     77.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0      0.00%     77.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0      0.00%     77.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%     77.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0      0.00%     77.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%     77.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%     77.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%     77.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%     77.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%     77.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%     77.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%     77.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%     77.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%     77.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%     77.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%     77.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%     77.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%     77.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%     77.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%     77.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%     77.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%     77.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%     77.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%     77.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     77.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%     77.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemRead                  2283     20.08%     97.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                  189      1.66%     98.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead               86      0.76%     99.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite              39      0.34%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            13899      0.32%      0.32% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu              3570750     82.54%     82.87% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                 813      0.02%     82.88% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                 7147      0.17%     83.05% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd              11526      0.27%     83.32% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     83.32% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     83.32% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     83.32% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     83.32% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0      0.00%     83.32% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0      0.00%     83.32% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     83.32% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     83.32% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     83.32% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     83.32% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     83.32% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     83.32% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0      0.00%     83.32% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     83.32% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     83.32% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     83.32% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     83.32% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     83.32% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     83.32% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     83.32% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     83.32% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     83.32% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     83.32% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0      0.00%     83.32% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     83.32% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     83.32% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     83.32% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead              674291     15.59%     98.90% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite              45376      1.05%     99.95% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead           1873      0.04%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite           164      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::total               4325839                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.rate                          0.141670                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_cnt                      11371                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.002629                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_reads          39122617                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_writes          9992381                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      4158229                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads              28451                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes             26738                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses        12342                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.int_alu_accesses               4308708                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_alu_accesses                  14603                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads            3640                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       750701                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          141                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            2                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        40960                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           13                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked         1046                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu0.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu0.iew.iewSquashCycles                 56811                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu0.iew.iewBlockCycles               25997729                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewUnblockCycles               258349                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispatchedInsts            6123751                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts             3362                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispLoadInsts              1174503                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispStoreInsts               61563                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts              1345                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewIQFullEvents                 17742                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                61886                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             2                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu0.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         30227                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        32424                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.branchMispredicts               62651                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecutedInsts              4257557                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecLoadInsts               649758                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts            68283                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu0.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_refs                      692138                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_branches                  505807                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_stores                     42380                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_rate                    0.139433                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu0.iew.wb_sent                       4183437                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu0.iew.wb_count                      4170571                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu0.iew.wb_producers                  3070468                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_consumers                  4805808                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_rate                      0.136585                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu0.iew.wb_fanout                    0.638908                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu0.commit.commitSquashedInsts        3896064                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu0.commit.branchMispredicts            56810                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     29938566                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.074432                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     0.494525                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     28949751     96.70%     96.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       462317      1.54%     98.24% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       107570      0.36%     98.60% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       299419      1.00%     99.60% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        53166      0.18%     99.78% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        25702      0.09%     99.86% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         5196      0.02%     99.88% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         3241      0.01%     99.89% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        32204      0.11%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     29938566                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committedInsts             1114514                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.commit.committedOps               2228383                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu0.commit.refs                        444404                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu0.commit.loads                       423801                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu0.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu0.commit.branches                    404700                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu0.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.fp_insts                      8246                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.int_insts                  2220084                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.function_calls                3625                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass         2457      0.11%      0.11% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu         1768420     79.36%     79.47% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntMult            145      0.01%     79.48% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv            5913      0.27%     79.74% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd          7044      0.32%     80.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     80.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     80.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     80.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     80.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0      0.00%     80.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     80.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     80.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     80.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     80.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     80.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     80.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     80.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0      0.00%     80.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     80.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     80.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     80.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     80.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     80.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     80.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     80.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     80.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     80.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     80.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     80.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemRead         422599     18.96%     99.02% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite         20603      0.92%     99.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead         1202      0.05%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::total          2228383                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.bw_lim_events                32204                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu0.rob.rob_reads                    36030809                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu0.rob.rob_writes                   12795581                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu0.timesIdled                            363                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu0.idleCycles                          50638                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu0.committedInsts                    1114514                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu0.committedOps                      2228383                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu0.cpi                             27.397312                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu0.cpi_total                       27.397312                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu0.ipc                              0.036500                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu0.ipc_total                        0.036500                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_reads                 4163632                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_writes                3625152                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_reads                    22140                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_writes                   11007                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_reads                  2638926                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_writes                 1117432                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu0.misc_regfile_reads                2258888                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements           222225                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                1024                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs             268079                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           222225                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs             1.206340                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data         1024                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          132                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          805                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           87                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses          2875773                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses         2875773                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data       244859                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         244859                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.data        19789                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         19789                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu0.data       264648                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total          264648                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu0.data       264648                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total         264648                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data       397925                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       397925                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu0.data          814                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          814                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu0.data       398739                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total        398739                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu0.data       398739                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total       398739                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  34935689000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  34935689000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data     28913000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     28913000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  34964602000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  34964602000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  34964602000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  34964602000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data       642784                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       642784                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.data        20603                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        20603                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu0.data       663387                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total       663387                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu0.data       663387                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total       663387                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.619065                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.619065                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.039509                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.039509                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.601065                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.601065                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.601065                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.601065                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 87794.657285                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 87794.657285                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 35519.656020                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 35519.656020                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 87687.941235                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 87687.941235                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 87687.941235                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 87687.941235                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs        14183                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs              663                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    21.392157                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         2015                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total             2015                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       176509                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       176509                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       176515                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       176515                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       176515                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       176515                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       221416                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       221416                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data          808                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          808                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       222224                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       222224                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       222224                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       222224                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  19399670500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  19399670500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     27647500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     27647500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  19427318000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  19427318000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  19427318000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  19427318000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.344464                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.344464                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.039218                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.039218                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.334984                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.334984                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.334984                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.334984                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 87616.389511                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 87616.389511                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 34217.202970                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 34217.202970                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 87422.231622                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 87422.231622                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 87422.231622                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 87422.231622                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse                1020                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst         1020                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.996094                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.996094                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1020                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         1020                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.996094                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses          4737032                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses         4737032                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst      1184258                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        1184258                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu0.inst      1184258                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total         1184258                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu0.inst      1184258                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total        1184258                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst      1184258                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1184258                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst      1184258                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total      1184258                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst      1184258                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total      1184258                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.branchPred.lookups                      0                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.condPredicted                0                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu1.branchPred.condIncorrect                0                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBLookups                   0                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHitPct                  nan                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu1.branchPred.usedRAS                      0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu1.branchPred.RASInCorrect                 0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectLookups              0                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectHits                 0                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectMisses               0                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu1.branchPredindirectMispredicted            0                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu1.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::samples                 0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::mean                  nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::stdev                 nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::0                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::1                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::2                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::3                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::4                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::5                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::6                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::7                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::8                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::max_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::total                   0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.idleRate                        nan                       # Percent of cycles fetch was idle
system.cpu1.fetch.branchRate                      nan                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.fetch.rate                            nan                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.rename.serializeStallCycles             0                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu1.rename.serializingInsts                 0                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.tempSerializingInsts             0                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.skidInsts                        0                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedLoads                   0                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedStores                  0                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingLoads                0                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingStores               0                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean             nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev            nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::0                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::1                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::2                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::3                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::4                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::5                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::6                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::7                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::8                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::total              0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemRead                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::total                     0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.rate                               nan                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_cnt                          0                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_rate                       nan                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                  0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads               0                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads            0                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            0                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores            0                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu1.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu1.iew.iewSquashCycles                     0                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu1.iew.iewBlockCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewUnblockCycles                    0                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispatchedInsts                  0                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispStoreInsts                   0                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                 0                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewIQFullEvents                     0                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                    0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             0                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu1.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect             0                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect            0                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.branchMispredicts                   0                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecutedInsts                    0                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu1.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_refs                           0                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_branches                       0                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_stores                         0                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_rate                         nan                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu1.iew.wb_sent                             0                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu1.iew.wb_count                            0                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu1.iew.wb_producers                        0                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_consumers                        0                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_rate                           nan                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu1.iew.wb_fanout                         nan                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::0            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::1            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::2            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::3            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::4            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::5            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::6            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::7            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::8            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::total            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committedInsts                   0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.commit.committedOps                     0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu1.commit.refs                             0                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu1.commit.loads                            0                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu1.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu1.commit.branches                         0                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu1.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.fp_insts                         0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.int_insts                        0                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.function_calls                   0                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntMult              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemRead              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::total                0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.bw_lim_events                    0                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu1.rob.rob_reads                           0                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu1.rob.rob_writes                          0                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu1.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu1.committedOps                            0                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu1.cpi                                   nan                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu1.cpi_total                             nan                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu1.ipc                                   nan                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu1.ipc_total                             nan                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.replacements                    199536                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                        16384                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                      252364                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                    199536                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      1.264754                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks       12.956782                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data     16371.043218                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.000791                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data        0.999209                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total                   1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         16384                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          131                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1         1241                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2        11047                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         3937                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           28                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                   3752848                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                  3752848                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks         2015                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total             2015                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu0.data               611                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                   611                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu0.data         22080                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total             22080                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.data                22691                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                    22691                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.data               22691                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                   22691                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0.data             197                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                 197                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu0.data       199336                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total          199336                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.data             199533                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                 199533                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.data            199533                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                199533                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data     19740500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      19740500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  18812451500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total  18812451500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  18832192000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total      18832192000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  18832192000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total     18832192000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks         2015                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         2015                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0.data           808                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total               808                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu0.data       221416                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total        221416                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.data           222224                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total               222224                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.data          222224                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total              222224                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.243812                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.243812                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.900278                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.900278                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data        0.897891                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.897891                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data       0.897891                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.897891                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 100205.583756                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 100205.583756                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 94375.584440                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 94375.584440                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 94381.340430                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 94381.340430                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 94381.340430                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 94381.340430                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                  326                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                       326                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::writebacks            1                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::total             1                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data          197                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            197                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       199336                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total       199336                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        199533                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total            199533                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       199533                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total           199533                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     17770500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     17770500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  16819081500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  16819081500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  16836852000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  16836852000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  16836852000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  16836852000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::writebacks          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.243812                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.243812                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.900278                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.900278                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.897891                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.897891                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.897891                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.897891                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 90205.583756                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 90205.583756                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 84375.534274                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84375.534274                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 84381.290313                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84381.290313                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 84381.290313                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84381.290313                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests        399064                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       199533                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             199337                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          326                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict           199203                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq               197                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp              197                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        199338                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       598598                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total       598598                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 598598                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     12791040                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total     12791040                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                12791040                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples            199535                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                  199535    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total              199535                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer4.occupancy           470039000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer4.utilization               3.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy         1077203500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              7.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests       444449                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       222222                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests          526                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops              8                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            7                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            1                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp            221417                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         2341                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict          419420                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq              808                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp             808                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       221416                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       666674                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total                666674                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     14351360                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total               14351360                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                          199536                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                     20864                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples           421760                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.001261                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.035560                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                 421229     99.87%     99.87% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                    530      0.13%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      1      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::5                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::6                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::7                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::8                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total             421760                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy          224239500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              1.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy         333337500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             2.2                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
