
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.015267                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 15267344125                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               5480976540875                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                              133515757                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                247917043                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              355631876                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1248976                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                    42.93                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  5731854600                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   10643123823                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.data       12476992                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total           12476992                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks        27328                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total           27328                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.data          194953                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total              194953                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks           427                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total                427                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.data         817233954                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total             817233954                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks         1789964                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total              1789964                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks         1789964                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.data        817233954                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total            819023918                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                      194952                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                        427                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                    194952                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                      427                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM               12472064                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                    4864                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                   27776                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                12476928                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys                27328                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                     76                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     3                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0             12254                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1             12069                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2             12080                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3             12029                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4             12152                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5             12002                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6             11973                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7             12194                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8             11971                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9             11993                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10            11794                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11            12224                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12            12972                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13            12739                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14            12407                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15            12023                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0                11                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6                24                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12              192                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13              128                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14               77                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15                2                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                   15267282000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                194952                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6                  427                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                  148124                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                   43974                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                    2728                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                      50                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                     26                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                     26                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                     26                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                     26                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                     26                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                     26                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                     26                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                     26                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                     26                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                     26                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                     26                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                     27                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                     27                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                     27                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                     28                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                     27                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples        97274                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    128.488846                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   110.519317                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev    76.843358                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127        41702     42.87%     42.87% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255        44707     45.96%     88.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383         9425      9.69%     98.52% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511         1277      1.31%     99.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639          127      0.13%     99.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767           15      0.02%     99.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895            3      0.00%     99.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023            4      0.00%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151           14      0.01%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total        97274                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples           27                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean    7364.740741                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean   7269.141017                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev   1246.181046                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::5632-6143            4     14.81%     14.81% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::6144-6655            6     22.22%     37.04% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::6656-7167            5     18.52%     55.56% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::7168-7679            4     14.81%     70.37% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::7680-8191            1      3.70%     74.07% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::8192-8703            2      7.41%     81.48% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::8704-9215            1      3.70%     85.19% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::9216-9727            2      7.41%     92.59% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::9728-10239            2      7.41%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total            27                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples           27                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      16.074074                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     16.069950                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev      0.384900                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16               26     96.30%     96.30% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::18                1      3.70%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total            27                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                   4822632250                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat              8476557250                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                  974380000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     24747.18                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                43497.18                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                       816.91                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                         1.82                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                    817.23                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                      1.79                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         6.40                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     6.38                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.31                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      25.88                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                    97639                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                     384                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 50.10                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                90.57                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                      78141.88                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    50.19                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                345818760                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                183807030                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy               690816420                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy                 182700                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         1205309040.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy           1622624130                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy             23820480                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy      5226937050                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy        70788000                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy                0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy             9370103610                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            613.735011                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime          11646352000                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE      8934000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF     509860000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    184584750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT    3102187000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  11461778375                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                348817560                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                185378160                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy               700605360                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy                2082780                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         1204694400.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy           1639598160                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy             24530880                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy      5167129230                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy       106148160                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy                0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy             9378984690                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            614.316715                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime          11605996750                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE      9516000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF     509600000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    276089250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT    3141864750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  11330274125                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.branchPred.lookups                1359519                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.condPredicted          1359519                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu0.branchPred.condIncorrect            60248                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBLookups             1074869                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHitPct             0.000000                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu0.branchPred.usedRAS                  47227                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu0.branchPred.RASInCorrect              7421                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectLookups        1074869                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectHits            565671                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectMisses          509198                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu0.branchPredindirectMispredicted        19991                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb.rdAccesses                     676219                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrAccesses                      51503                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.dtb.rdMisses                       138040                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrMisses                          945                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrAccesses                    1093572                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrMisses                         4928                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.workload.numSyscalls                    0                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.numCycles                        30534688                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.fetch.icacheStallCycles           1121810                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu0.fetch.Insts                       4060591                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu0.fetch.Branches                    1359519                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu0.fetch.predictedBranches            612898                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu0.fetch.Cycles                     29208535                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu0.fetch.SquashCycles                 123878                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu0.fetch.TlbCycles                      1441                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
system.cpu0.fetch.MiscStallCycles                1176                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu0.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles        49282                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu0.fetch.CacheLines                  1088644                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu0.fetch.IcacheSquashes                 6723                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.ItlbSquashes                      6                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::samples          30444183                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::mean             0.269413                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::stdev            1.311995                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::0                28879408     94.86%     94.86% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::1                   17131      0.06%     94.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::2                  532516      1.75%     96.67% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::3                   27334      0.09%     96.76% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::4                  113069      0.37%     97.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::5                   74839      0.25%     97.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::6                   81697      0.27%     97.64% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::7                   24283      0.08%     97.72% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::8                  693906      2.28%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::total            30444183                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.branchRate                 0.044524                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.fetch.rate                       0.132983                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.decode.IdleCycles                  555768                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu0.decode.BlockedCycles             28816032                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu0.decode.RunCycles                   724607                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu0.decode.UnblockCycles               285837                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu0.decode.SquashCycles                 61939                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu0.decode.DecodedInsts               6700726                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu0.rename.SquashCycles                 61939                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu0.rename.IdleCycles                  643514                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu0.rename.BlockCycles               27530332                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu0.rename.serializeStallCycles          9959                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu0.rename.RunCycles                   851312                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu0.rename.UnblockCycles              1347127                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedInsts               6409074                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu0.rename.ROBFullEvents               108863                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu0.rename.IQFullEvents                970793                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu0.rename.LQFullEvents                329027                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu0.rename.SQFullEvents                  1531                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedOperands            7650897                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu0.rename.RenameLookups             17714051                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu0.rename.int_rename_lookups         8496604                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.fp_rename_lookups            38674                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.CommittedMaps              2786113                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu0.rename.UndoneMaps                 4864784                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu0.rename.serializingInsts               193                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.tempSerializingInsts           252                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.skidInsts                  1848573                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedLoads             1132693                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedStores              74830                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingLoads             3247                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingStores            4192                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsAdded                   6070371                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu0.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded               4530                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsIssued                  4452890                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued             7380                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined        3756624                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      7425517                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          4530                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     30444183                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        0.146264                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       0.697945                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::0           28590100     93.91%     93.91% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::1             758392      2.49%     96.40% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::2             393182      1.29%     97.69% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::3             265440      0.87%     98.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::4             244695      0.80%     99.37% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::5              80817      0.27%     99.63% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::6              69405      0.23%     99.86% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::7              24697      0.08%     99.94% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::8              17455      0.06%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       30444183                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                  10837     63.03%     63.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0      0.00%     63.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%     63.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                 1068      6.21%     69.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%     69.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%     69.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0      0.00%     69.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0      0.00%     69.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%     69.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0      0.00%     69.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%     69.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%     69.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%     69.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%     69.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%     69.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%     69.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%     69.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%     69.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%     69.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%     69.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%     69.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%     69.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%     69.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%     69.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%     69.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%     69.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%     69.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%     69.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%     69.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     69.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%     69.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemRead                  4856     28.24%     97.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                  249      1.45%     98.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead              136      0.79%     99.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite              47      0.27%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            16154      0.36%      0.36% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu              3648704     81.94%     82.30% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                1018      0.02%     82.33% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                 9641      0.22%     82.54% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd              14083      0.32%     82.86% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     82.86% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     82.86% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     82.86% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     82.86% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0      0.00%     82.86% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0      0.00%     82.86% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     82.86% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     82.86% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     82.86% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     82.86% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     82.86% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     82.86% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0      0.00%     82.86% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     82.86% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     82.86% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     82.86% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     82.86% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     82.86% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     82.86% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     82.86% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     82.86% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     82.86% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     82.86% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0      0.00%     82.86% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     82.86% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     82.86% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     82.86% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead              705342     15.84%     98.70% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite              55091      1.24%     99.94% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead           2674      0.06%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite           183      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::total               4452890                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.rate                          0.145831                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_cnt                      17193                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.003861                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_reads          39339131                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_writes          9798326                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      4265686                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads              35405                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes             33202                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses        15379                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.int_alu_accesses               4435725                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_alu_accesses                  18204                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads            4819                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       702600                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          170                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            5                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        47296                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           32                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked         1221                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu0.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu0.iew.iewSquashCycles                 61939                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu0.iew.iewBlockCycles               25331022                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewUnblockCycles               276351                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispatchedInsts            6074901                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts             4735                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispLoadInsts              1132693                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispStoreInsts               74830                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts              1644                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewIQFullEvents                 15395                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                82942                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             5                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu0.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         31878                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        37104                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.branchMispredicts               68982                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecutedInsts              4369931                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecLoadInsts               675982                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts            82959                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu0.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_refs                      727468                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_branches                  533082                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_stores                     51486                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_rate                    0.143114                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu0.iew.wb_sent                       4297244                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu0.iew.wb_count                      4281065                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu0.iew.wb_producers                  3096644                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_consumers                  5004808                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_rate                      0.140203                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu0.iew.wb_fanout                    0.618734                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu0.commit.commitSquashedInsts        3757366                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu0.commit.branchMispredicts            61938                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     29905291                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.077521                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     0.508684                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     28885805     96.59%     96.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       469480      1.57%     98.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       118228      0.40%     98.56% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       310455      1.04%     99.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        49930      0.17%     99.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        25278      0.08%     99.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         5066      0.02%     99.86% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         3922      0.01%     99.88% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        37127      0.12%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     29905291                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committedInsts             1161553                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.commit.committedOps               2318277                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu0.commit.refs                        457627                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu0.commit.loads                       430093                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu0.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu0.commit.branches                    411700                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu0.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.fp_insts                     11154                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.int_insts                  2307031                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.function_calls                4875                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass         3368      0.15%      0.15% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu         1839364     79.34%     79.49% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntMult            195      0.01%     79.50% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv            8207      0.35%     79.85% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd          9516      0.41%     80.26% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     80.26% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     80.26% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     80.26% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.26% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     80.26% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0      0.00%     80.26% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     80.26% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     80.26% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     80.26% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     80.26% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     80.26% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     80.26% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     80.26% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0      0.00%     80.26% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.26% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     80.26% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     80.26% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     80.26% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     80.26% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     80.26% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     80.26% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     80.26% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     80.26% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     80.26% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     80.26% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.26% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     80.26% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemRead         428455     18.48%     98.74% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite         27534      1.19%     99.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead         1638      0.07%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::total          2318277                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.bw_lim_events                37127                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu0.rob.rob_reads                    35943807                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu0.rob.rob_writes                   12691601                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu0.timesIdled                            646                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu0.idleCycles                          90505                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu0.committedInsts                    1161553                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu0.committedOps                      2318277                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu0.cpi                             26.287813                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu0.cpi_total                       26.287813                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu0.ipc                              0.038040                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu0.ipc_total                        0.038040                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_reads                 4547815                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_writes                3703305                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_reads                    27350                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_writes                   13598                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_reads                  2805644                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_writes                 1235646                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu0.misc_regfile_reads                2270781                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements           225089                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                1024                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs             297805                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           225089                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs             1.323054                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data         1024                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          749                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           19                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses          3004773                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses         3004773                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data       268450                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         268450                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.data        26614                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         26614                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu0.data       295064                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total          295064                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu0.data       295064                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total         295064                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data       398937                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       398937                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu0.data          920                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          920                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu0.data       399857                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total        399857                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu0.data       399857                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total       399857                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  34241164500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  34241164500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data     37889999                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     37889999                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  34279054499                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  34279054499                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  34279054499                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  34279054499                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data       667387                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       667387                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.data        27534                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        27534                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu0.data       694921                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total       694921                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu0.data       694921                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total       694921                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.597760                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.597760                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.033413                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.033413                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.575399                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.575399                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.575399                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.575399                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 85831.007152                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 85831.007152                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 41184.781522                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 41184.781522                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 85728.284109                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 85728.284109                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 85728.284109                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 85728.284109                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs        17789                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs              650                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    27.367692                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         2112                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total             2112                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       174763                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       174763                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       174769                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       174769                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       174769                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       174769                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       224174                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       224174                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data          914                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          914                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       225088                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       225088                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       225088                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       225088                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  19181879500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  19181879500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     36396499                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     36396499                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  19218275999                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  19218275999                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  19218275999                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  19218275999                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.335898                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.335898                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.033195                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.033195                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.323904                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.323904                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.323904                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.323904                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 85566.923461                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 85566.923461                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 39821.114880                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 39821.114880                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 85381.166473                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 85381.166473                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 85381.166473                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 85381.166473                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse                1021                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst         1021                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.997070                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.997070                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1021                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         1021                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.997070                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses          4354576                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses         4354576                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst      1088644                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        1088644                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu0.inst      1088644                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total         1088644                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu0.inst      1088644                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total        1088644                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst      1088644                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1088644                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst      1088644                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total      1088644                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst      1088644                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total      1088644                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.branchPred.lookups                      0                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.condPredicted                0                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu1.branchPred.condIncorrect                0                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBLookups                   0                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHitPct                  nan                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu1.branchPred.usedRAS                      0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu1.branchPred.RASInCorrect                 0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectLookups              0                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectHits                 0                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectMisses               0                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu1.branchPredindirectMispredicted            0                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu1.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::samples                 0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::mean                  nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::stdev                 nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::0                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::1                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::2                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::3                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::4                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::5                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::6                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::7                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::8                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::max_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::total                   0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.idleRate                        nan                       # Percent of cycles fetch was idle
system.cpu1.fetch.branchRate                      nan                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.fetch.rate                            nan                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.rename.serializeStallCycles             0                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu1.rename.serializingInsts                 0                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.tempSerializingInsts             0                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.skidInsts                        0                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedLoads                   0                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedStores                  0                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingLoads                0                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingStores               0                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean             nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev            nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::0                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::1                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::2                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::3                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::4                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::5                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::6                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::7                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::8                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::total              0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemRead                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::total                     0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.rate                               nan                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_cnt                          0                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_rate                       nan                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                  0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads               0                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads            0                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            0                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores            0                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu1.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu1.iew.iewSquashCycles                     0                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu1.iew.iewBlockCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewUnblockCycles                    0                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispatchedInsts                  0                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispStoreInsts                   0                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                 0                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewIQFullEvents                     0                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                    0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             0                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu1.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect             0                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect            0                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.branchMispredicts                   0                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecutedInsts                    0                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu1.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_refs                           0                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_branches                       0                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_stores                         0                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_rate                         nan                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu1.iew.wb_sent                             0                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu1.iew.wb_count                            0                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu1.iew.wb_producers                        0                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_consumers                        0                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_rate                           nan                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu1.iew.wb_fanout                         nan                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::0            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::1            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::2            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::3            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::4            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::5            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::6            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::7            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::8            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::total            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committedInsts                   0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.commit.committedOps                     0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu1.commit.refs                             0                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu1.commit.loads                            0                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu1.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu1.commit.branches                         0                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu1.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.fp_insts                         0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.int_insts                        0                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.function_calls                   0                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntMult              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemRead              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::total                0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.bw_lim_events                    0                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu1.rob.rob_reads                           0                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu1.rob.rob_writes                          0                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu1.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu1.committedOps                            0                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu1.cpi                                   nan                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu1.cpi_total                             nan                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu1.ipc                                   nan                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu1.ipc_total                             nan                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.replacements                    194959                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                        16384                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                      245532                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                    194959                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      1.259403                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks       12.964839                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data     16371.035161                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.000791                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data        0.999209                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total                   1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         16384                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           97                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1         1007                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2        10181                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         5071                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           28                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                   3794151                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                  3794151                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks         2112                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total             2112                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu0.data               646                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                   646                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu0.data         29491                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total             29491                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.data                30137                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                    30137                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.data               30137                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                   30137                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0.data             268                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                 268                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu0.data       194683                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total          194683                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.data             194951                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                 194951                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.data            194951                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                194951                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data     27952500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      27952500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  18511369000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total  18511369000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  18539321500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total      18539321500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  18539321500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total     18539321500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks         2112                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         2112                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0.data           914                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total               914                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu0.data       224174                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total        224174                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.data           225088                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total               225088                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.data          225088                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total              225088                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.293217                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.293217                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.868446                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.868446                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data        0.866110                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.866110                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data       0.866110                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.866110                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 104300.373134                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 104300.373134                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 95084.670978                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 95084.670978                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 95097.339844                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 95097.339844                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 95097.339844                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 95097.339844                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                  427                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                       427                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data          268                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            268                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       194683                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total       194683                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        194951                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total            194951                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       194951                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total           194951                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     25272500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     25272500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  16564529000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  16564529000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  16589801500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  16589801500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  16589801500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  16589801500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.293217                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.293217                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.868446                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.868446                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.866110                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.866110                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.866110                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.866110                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 94300.373134                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 94300.373134                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 85084.619612                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 85084.619612                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 85097.288549                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 85097.288549                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 85097.288549                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 85097.288549                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests        389899                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       194952                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             194684                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          427                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict           194520                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq               268                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp              268                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        194684                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       584851                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total       584851                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 584851                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     12504256                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total     12504256                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                12504256                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples            194952                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                  194952    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total              194952                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer4.occupancy           461232000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer4.utilization               3.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy         1053536750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              6.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests       450177                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       225089                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests          530                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops             12                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops           11                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            1                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp            224175                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         2539                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict          417509                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq              914                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp             914                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       224174                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       675266                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total                675266                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     14540864                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total               14540864                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                          194959                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                     27328                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples           420047                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.001293                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.035997                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                 419505     99.87%     99.87% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                    541      0.13%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      1      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::5                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::6                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::7                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::8                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total             420047                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy          227200500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              1.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy         337633500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             2.2                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
