
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.015267                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 15267344125                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               4748144022875                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                              128685777                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                238757221                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              346392425                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1248976                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                    44.08                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  5671859900                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   10523290221                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.data       12537856                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total           12537856                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks        32064                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total           32064                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.data          195904                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total              195904                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks           501                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total                501                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.data         821220502                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total             821220502                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks         2100169                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total              2100169                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks         2100169                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.data        821220502                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total            823320670                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                      195904                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                        501                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                    195904                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                      501                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM               12533312                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                    4544                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                   31744                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                12537856                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys                32064                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                     71                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     3                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0             12041                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1             12228                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2             12237                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3             12042                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4             12089                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5             12048                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6             12259                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7             12254                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8             12271                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9             11778                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10            11789                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11            12174                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12            12772                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13            12790                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14            12398                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15            12663                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6                45                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7               128                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8               116                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9                 1                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10               13                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12              193                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                   15267391000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                195904                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6                  501                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                  147839                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                   44843                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                    3111                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                      40                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                     31                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                     31                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                     31                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                     31                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                     32                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                     32                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                     31                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                     31                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                     31                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                     31                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                     31                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                     31                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                     31                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                     31                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                     31                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                     31                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples        97249                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    129.206305                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   110.911002                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev    77.843511                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127        41654     42.83%     42.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255        44349     45.60%     88.44% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383         9733     10.01%     98.44% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511         1326      1.36%     99.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639          148      0.15%     99.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767           11      0.01%     99.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895            8      0.01%     99.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023            6      0.01%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151           14      0.01%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total        97249                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples           31                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean    6305.806452                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean   6155.453250                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev   1359.094562                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::3072-3583            1      3.23%      3.23% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::4096-4607            3      9.68%     12.90% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::4608-5119            2      6.45%     19.35% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::5120-5631            4     12.90%     32.26% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::5632-6143            2      6.45%     38.71% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::6144-6655            8     25.81%     64.52% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::6656-7167            3      9.68%     74.19% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::7168-7679            4     12.90%     87.10% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::7680-8191            1      3.23%     90.32% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::8192-8703            1      3.23%     93.55% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::8704-9215            2      6.45%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total            31                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples           31                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean             16                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     16.000000                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16               31    100.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total            31                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                   4749893750                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat              8421762500                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                  979165000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     24254.82                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                43004.82                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                       820.92                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                         2.08                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                    821.22                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                      2.10                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         6.43                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     6.41                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    0.02                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.32                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      25.39                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                    98641                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                     439                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 50.37                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                88.15                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                      77734.23                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    50.47                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                344733480                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                183230190                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy               693993720                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy                 903060                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         1205309040.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy           1620557310                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy             24509280                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy      5168153520                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy       121342080                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy                0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy             9362731680                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            613.252155                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime          11649297500                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE      9552000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF     509860000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    315809500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT    3097748500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  11334374125                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                349624380                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                185829765                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy               704253900                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy                1686060                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         1205923680.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy           1646115540                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy             24580800                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy      5176943490                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy        92032320                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy     748140.000000                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy             9387738075                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            614.890055                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime          11594020750                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE      9660000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF     510126000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF       817000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    239557000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT    3153529750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  11353654375                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.branchPred.lookups                1507675                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.condPredicted          1507675                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu0.branchPred.condIncorrect            64005                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBLookups             1134850                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHitPct             0.000000                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu0.branchPred.usedRAS                  45823                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu0.branchPred.RASInCorrect              7202                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectLookups        1134850                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectHits            638501                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectMisses          496349                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu0.branchPredindirectMispredicted        21584                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb.rdAccesses                     719845                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrAccesses                      57782                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.dtb.rdMisses                       144656                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrMisses                          940                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrAccesses                    1246898                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrMisses                         4456                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.workload.numSyscalls                    0                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.numCycles                        30534688                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.fetch.icacheStallCycles           1276081                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu0.fetch.Insts                       4452338                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu0.fetch.Branches                    1507675                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu0.fetch.predictedBranches            684324                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu0.fetch.Cycles                     29111273                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu0.fetch.SquashCycles                 130936                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu0.fetch.TlbCycles                      2602                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
system.cpu0.fetch.MiscStallCycles                1103                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu0.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles        38103                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu0.fetch.CacheLines                  1242442                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu0.fetch.IcacheSquashes                 7533                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.ItlbSquashes                      8                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::samples          30494630                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::mean             0.293539                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::stdev            1.367143                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::0                28772901     94.35%     94.35% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::1                   20910      0.07%     94.42% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::2                  610469      2.00%     96.42% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::3                   27734      0.09%     96.52% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::4                  122814      0.40%     96.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::5                   63658      0.21%     97.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::6                   84000      0.28%     97.40% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::7                   24373      0.08%     97.48% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::8                  767771      2.52%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::total            30494630                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.branchRate                 0.049376                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.fetch.rate                       0.145812                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.decode.IdleCycles                  632962                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu0.decode.BlockedCycles             28668732                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu0.decode.RunCycles                   828263                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu0.decode.UnblockCycles               299205                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu0.decode.SquashCycles                 65468                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu0.decode.DecodedInsts               7369138                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu0.rename.SquashCycles                 65468                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu0.rename.IdleCycles                  722691                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu0.rename.BlockCycles               27474560                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu0.rename.serializeStallCycles         11067                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu0.rename.RunCycles                   961780                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu0.rename.UnblockCycles              1259064                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedInsts               7065893                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu0.rename.ROBFullEvents                64645                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu0.rename.IQFullEvents                982156                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu0.rename.LQFullEvents                224069                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu0.rename.SQFullEvents                   498                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedOperands            8425589                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu0.rename.RenameLookups             19594631                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu0.rename.int_rename_lookups         9336307                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.fp_rename_lookups            38701                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.CommittedMaps              3034331                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu0.rename.UndoneMaps                 5391259                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu0.rename.serializingInsts               187                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.tempSerializingInsts           242                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.skidInsts                  1896869                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedLoads             1259246                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedStores              82537                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingLoads             3827                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingStores            5115                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsAdded                   6696437                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu0.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded               4837                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsIssued                  4823382                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued             5919                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined        4175399                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      8612355                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          4837                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     30494630                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        0.158172                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       0.730934                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::0           28534405     93.57%     93.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::1             769582      2.52%     96.10% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::2             414339      1.36%     97.45% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::3             281699      0.92%     98.38% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::4             285587      0.94%     99.31% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::5              85632      0.28%     99.60% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::6              74784      0.25%     99.84% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::7              28003      0.09%     99.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::8              20599      0.07%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       30494630                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                  11914     71.26%     71.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0      0.00%     71.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%     71.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                 1248      7.46%     78.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%     78.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%     78.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0      0.00%     78.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0      0.00%     78.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%     78.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0      0.00%     78.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%     78.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%     78.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%     78.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%     78.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%     78.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%     78.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%     78.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%     78.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%     78.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%     78.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%     78.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%     78.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%     78.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%     78.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%     78.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%     78.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%     78.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%     78.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%     78.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%     78.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemRead                  3185     19.05%     97.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                  290      1.73%     99.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead               42      0.25%     99.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite              40      0.24%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            18103      0.38%      0.38% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu              3964707     82.20%     82.57% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                 994      0.02%     82.59% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                11190      0.23%     82.83% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd              15821      0.33%     83.15% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     83.15% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     83.15% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     83.15% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     83.15% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0      0.00%     83.15% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0      0.00%     83.15% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     83.15% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     83.15% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     83.15% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     83.15% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     83.15% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     83.15% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0      0.00%     83.15% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     83.15% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     83.15% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     83.15% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     83.15% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     83.15% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     83.15% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     83.15% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     83.15% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     83.15% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     83.15% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0      0.00%     83.15% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     83.15% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     83.15% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     83.15% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead              748413     15.52%     98.67% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite              61755      1.28%     99.95% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead           2277      0.05%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite           122      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::total               4823382                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.rate                          0.157964                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_cnt                      16719                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.003466                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_reads          40126020                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_writes         10846508                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      4623788                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads              38012                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes             30166                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses        17262                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.int_alu_accesses               4802443                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_alu_accesses                  19555                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads            5600                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       794799                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          210                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            1                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        49805                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           46                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked         1050                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu0.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu0.iew.iewSquashCycles                 65468                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu0.iew.iewBlockCycles               25585335                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewUnblockCycles               264010                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispatchedInsts            6701274                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts             3701                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispLoadInsts              1259246                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispStoreInsts               82537                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts              1737                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewIQFullEvents                 17097                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                63499                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             1                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu0.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         34534                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        38101                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.branchMispredicts               72635                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecutedInsts              4738463                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecLoadInsts               719498                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts            84919                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu0.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_refs                      777260                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_branches                  562076                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_stores                     57762                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_rate                    0.155183                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu0.iew.wb_sent                       4659114                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu0.iew.wb_count                      4641050                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu0.iew.wb_producers                  3411076                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_consumers                  5438127                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_rate                      0.151993                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu0.iew.wb_fanout                    0.627252                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu0.commit.commitSquashedInsts        4176062                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu0.commit.branchMispredicts            65468                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     29901400                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.084473                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     0.541821                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     28819580     96.38%     96.38% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       493599      1.65%     98.03% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       121774      0.41%     98.44% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       320733      1.07%     99.51% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        57464      0.19%     99.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        30656      0.10%     99.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         6381      0.02%     99.83% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         4597      0.02%     99.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        46616      0.16%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     29901400                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committedInsts             1264765                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.commit.committedOps               2525875                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu0.commit.refs                        497179                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu0.commit.loads                       464447                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu0.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu0.commit.branches                    443595                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu0.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.fp_insts                     13098                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.int_insts                  2512628                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.function_calls                5775                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass         3953      0.16%      0.16% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu         2003741     79.33%     79.49% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntMult            231      0.01%     79.49% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv            9575      0.38%     79.87% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd         11196      0.44%     80.32% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     80.32% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     80.32% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     80.32% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.32% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     80.32% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0      0.00%     80.32% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     80.32% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     80.32% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     80.32% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     80.32% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     80.32% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     80.32% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     80.32% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0      0.00%     80.32% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.32% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     80.32% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     80.32% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     80.32% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     80.32% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     80.32% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     80.32% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     80.32% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     80.32% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     80.32% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     80.32% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.32% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     80.32% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemRead         462545     18.31%     98.63% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite         32732      1.30%     99.92% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead         1902      0.08%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::total          2525875                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.bw_lim_events                46616                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu0.rob.rob_reads                    36556721                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu0.rob.rob_writes                   13998707                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu0.timesIdled                            319                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu0.idleCycles                          40058                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu0.committedInsts                    1264765                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu0.committedOps                      2525875                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu0.cpi                             24.142578                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu0.cpi_total                       24.142578                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu0.ipc                              0.041421                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu0.ipc_total                        0.041421                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_reads                 4830460                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_writes                4028708                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_reads                    30517                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_writes                   15180                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_reads                  2959989                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_writes                 1291116                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu0.misc_regfile_reads                2464574                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements           235181                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                1024                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs             322960                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           235181                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs             1.373240                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data         1024                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          138                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          807                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           79                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses          3202605                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses         3202605                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data       290317                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         290317                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.data        31769                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         31769                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu0.data       322086                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total          322086                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu0.data       322086                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total         322086                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data       418807                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       418807                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu0.data          963                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          963                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu0.data       419770                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total        419770                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu0.data       419770                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total       419770                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  34702617000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  34702617000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data     42731499                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     42731499                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  34745348499                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  34745348499                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  34745348499                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  34745348499                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data       709124                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       709124                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.data        32732                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        32732                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu0.data       741856                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total       741856                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu0.data       741856                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total       741856                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.590598                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.590598                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.029421                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.029421                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.565838                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.565838                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.565838                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.565838                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 82860.642253                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 82860.642253                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 44373.311526                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 44373.311526                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 82772.347950                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 82772.347950                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 82772.347950                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 82772.347950                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs        18519                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets           46                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs              732                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    25.299180                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets           46                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         2304                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total             2304                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       184582                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       184582                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data            7                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       184589                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       184589                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       184589                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       184589                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       234225                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       234225                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data          956                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          956                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       235181                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       235181                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       235181                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       235181                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  19282271500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  19282271500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     41282499                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     41282499                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  19323553999                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  19323553999                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  19323553999                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  19323553999                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.330302                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.330302                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.029207                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.029207                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.317017                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.317017                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.317017                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.317017                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 82323.712243                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 82323.712243                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 43182.530335                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 43182.530335                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 82164.605130                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 82164.605130                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 82164.605130                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 82164.605130                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse                1021                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst         1021                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.997070                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.997070                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1021                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         1021                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.997070                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses          4969768                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses         4969768                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst      1242442                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        1242442                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu0.inst      1242442                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total         1242442                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu0.inst      1242442                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total        1242442                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst      1242442                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1242442                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst      1242442                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total      1242442                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst      1242442                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total      1242442                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.branchPred.lookups                      0                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.condPredicted                0                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu1.branchPred.condIncorrect                0                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBLookups                   0                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHitPct                  nan                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu1.branchPred.usedRAS                      0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu1.branchPred.RASInCorrect                 0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectLookups              0                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectHits                 0                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectMisses               0                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu1.branchPredindirectMispredicted            0                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu1.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::samples                 0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::mean                  nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::stdev                 nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::0                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::1                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::2                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::3                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::4                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::5                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::6                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::7                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::8                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::max_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::total                   0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.idleRate                        nan                       # Percent of cycles fetch was idle
system.cpu1.fetch.branchRate                      nan                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.fetch.rate                            nan                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.rename.serializeStallCycles             0                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu1.rename.serializingInsts                 0                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.tempSerializingInsts             0                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.skidInsts                        0                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedLoads                   0                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedStores                  0                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingLoads                0                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingStores               0                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean             nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev            nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::0                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::1                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::2                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::3                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::4                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::5                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::6                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::7                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::8                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::total              0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemRead                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::total                     0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.rate                               nan                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_cnt                          0                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_rate                       nan                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                  0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads               0                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads            0                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            0                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores            0                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu1.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu1.iew.iewSquashCycles                     0                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu1.iew.iewBlockCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewUnblockCycles                    0                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispatchedInsts                  0                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispStoreInsts                   0                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                 0                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewIQFullEvents                     0                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                    0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             0                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu1.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect             0                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect            0                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.branchMispredicts                   0                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecutedInsts                    0                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu1.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_refs                           0                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_branches                       0                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_stores                         0                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_rate                         nan                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu1.iew.wb_sent                             0                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu1.iew.wb_count                            0                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu1.iew.wb_producers                        0                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_consumers                        0                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_rate                           nan                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu1.iew.wb_fanout                         nan                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::0            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::1            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::2            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::3            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::4            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::5            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::6            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::7            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::8            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::total            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committedInsts                   0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.commit.committedOps                     0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu1.commit.refs                             0                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu1.commit.loads                            0                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu1.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu1.commit.branches                         0                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu1.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.fp_insts                         0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.int_insts                        0                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.function_calls                   0                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntMult              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemRead              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::total                0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.bw_lim_events                    0                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu1.rob.rob_reads                           0                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu1.rob.rob_writes                          0                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu1.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu1.committedOps                            0                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu1.cpi                                   nan                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu1.cpi_total                             nan                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu1.ipc                                   nan                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu1.ipc_total                             nan                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.replacements                    195910                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                        16384                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                      266802                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                    195910                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      1.361860                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks       12.875172                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data     16371.124828                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.000786                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data        0.999214                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total                   1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         16384                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          135                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1         1193                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2        10139                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         4891                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           26                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                   3956638                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                  3956638                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks         2304                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total             2304                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu0.data               637                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                   637                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu0.data         38640                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total             38640                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.data                39277                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                    39277                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.data               39277                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                   39277                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0.data             319                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                 319                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu0.data       195585                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total          195585                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.data             195904                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                 195904                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.data            195904                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                195904                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data     32873000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      32873000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  18498162000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total  18498162000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  18531035000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total      18531035000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  18531035000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total     18531035000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks         2304                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         2304                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0.data           956                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total               956                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu0.data       234225                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total        234225                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.data           235181                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total               235181                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.data          235181                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total              235181                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.333682                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.333682                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.835030                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.835030                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data        0.832992                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.832992                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data       0.832992                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.832992                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 103050.156740                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 103050.156740                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 94578.633331                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 94578.633331                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 94592.427924                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 94592.427924                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 94592.427924                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 94592.427924                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                  501                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                       501                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::writebacks            1                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::total             1                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data          319                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            319                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       195585                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total       195585                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        195904                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total            195904                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       195904                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total           195904                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     29683000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     29683000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  16542312000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  16542312000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  16571995000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  16571995000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  16571995000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  16571995000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::writebacks          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.333682                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.333682                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.835030                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.835030                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.832992                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.832992                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.832992                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.832992                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 93050.156740                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 93050.156740                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 84578.633331                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84578.633331                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 84592.427924                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84592.427924                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 84592.427924                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84592.427924                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests        391799                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       195904                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             195585                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          501                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict           195394                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq               319                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp              319                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        195585                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       587703                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total       587703                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 587703                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     12569920                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total     12569920                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                12569920                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples            195904                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                  195904    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total              195904                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer4.occupancy           462336500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer4.utilization               3.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy         1058448500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              6.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests       470362                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       235180                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests          532                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops             16                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops           15                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            1                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp            234225                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         2805                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict          428286                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq              956                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp             956                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       234225                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       705543                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total                705543                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     15199040                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total               15199040                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                          195910                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                     32064                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples           431091                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.001271                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.035696                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                 430544     99.87%     99.87% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                    546      0.13%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      1      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::5                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::6                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::7                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::8                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total             431091                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy          237485000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              1.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy         352771500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             2.3                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
