
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.015267                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 15267344125                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               9328347260375                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                              120495739                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                224560564                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              305468983                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1248976                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                    49.98                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  6022375433                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   11223538217                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.data       12600000                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total           12600000                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks        18944                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total           18944                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.data          196875                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total              196875                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks           296                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total                296                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.data         825290889                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total             825290889                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks         1240818                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total              1240818                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks         1240818                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.data        825290889                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total            826531707                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                      196875                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                        296                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                    196875                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                      296                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM               12597952                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                    2048                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                   18560                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                12600000                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys                18944                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                     32                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     3                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0             12345                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1             12607                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2             12316                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3             12388                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4             12265                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5             12208                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6             12362                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7             12466                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8             12069                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9             12105                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10            12067                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11            12048                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12            12728                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13            12428                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14            12291                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15            12150                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3                 9                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7                40                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8               117                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12              106                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13               18                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                   15267372000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                196875                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6                  296                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                  149432                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                   44621                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                    2772                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                      18                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                     18                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                     18                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                     18                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                     18                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                     18                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                     18                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                     18                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                     18                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                     18                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                     18                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                     18                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                     19                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                     19                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                     19                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                     18                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                     18                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples        97159                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    129.854939                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   111.624017                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev    77.204286                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127        40933     42.13%     42.13% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255        44806     46.12%     88.25% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383         9935     10.23%     98.47% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511         1325      1.36%     99.84% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639          129      0.13%     99.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767           16      0.02%     99.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895            4      0.00%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023            7      0.01%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151            4      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total        97159                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples           18                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean   11039.444444                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean  10789.864670                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev   2390.211785                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::6144-7167            1      5.56%      5.56% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::8192-9215            3     16.67%     22.22% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::9216-10239            4     22.22%     44.44% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::10240-11263            2     11.11%     55.56% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::11264-12287            3     16.67%     72.22% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::12288-13311            3     16.67%     88.89% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::13312-14335            1      5.56%     94.44% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::16384-17407            1      5.56%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total            18                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples           18                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      16.111111                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     16.105039                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev      0.471405                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16               17     94.44%     94.44% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::18                1      5.56%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total            18                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                   4835662500                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat              8526468750                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                  984215000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     24566.09                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                43316.09                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                       825.16                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                         1.22                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                    825.29                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                      1.24                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         6.46                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     6.45                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.32                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      25.38                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                    99729                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                     250                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 50.66                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                85.32                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                      77432.14                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    50.72                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                347175360                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                184547055                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy               706552980                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy                 255780                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         1205309040.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy           1643434260                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy             24486240                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy      5166083280                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy       103843680                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy                0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy             9381687675                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            614.493759                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime          11600098000                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE      9546000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF     509860000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    270450250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT    3147836000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  11329651875                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                346504200                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                184171350                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy               698906040                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy                1258020                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         1205309040.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy           1635276420                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy             24421920                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy      5192527860                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy        88508640                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy                0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy             9376883490                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            614.179088                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime          11616340250                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE      9372000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF     509860000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    230178750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT    3131513750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  11386419625                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.branchPred.lookups                1250211                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.condPredicted          1250211                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu0.branchPred.condIncorrect            47672                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBLookups              877623                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHitPct             0.000000                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu0.branchPred.usedRAS                  33260                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu0.branchPred.RASInCorrect              5214                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectLookups         877623                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectHits            543869                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectMisses          333754                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu0.branchPredindirectMispredicted        12455                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb.rdAccesses                     610492                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrAccesses                      35874                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.dtb.rdMisses                       135092                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrMisses                          581                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrAccesses                    1061957                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrMisses                         3510                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.workload.numSyscalls                    0                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.numCycles                        30534688                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.fetch.icacheStallCycles           1083172                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu0.fetch.Insts                       3608852                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu0.fetch.Branches                    1250211                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu0.fetch.predictedBranches            577129                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu0.fetch.Cycles                     29337298                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu0.fetch.SquashCycles                  97814                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu0.fetch.TlbCycles                      1171                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
system.cpu0.fetch.MiscStallCycles                 907                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu0.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles        31787                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu0.fetch.CacheLines                  1058447                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu0.fetch.IcacheSquashes                 4117                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.ItlbSquashes                      8                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::samples          30503242                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::mean             0.238060                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::stdev            1.229390                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::0                29078220     95.33%     95.33% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::1                   10769      0.04%     95.36% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::2                  539612      1.77%     97.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::3                   18617      0.06%     97.19% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::4                  103270      0.34%     97.53% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::5                   51526      0.17%     97.70% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::6                   73585      0.24%     97.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::7                   17610      0.06%     98.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::8                  610033      2.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::total            30503242                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.branchRate                 0.040944                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.fetch.rate                       0.118189                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.decode.IdleCycles                  507643                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu0.decode.BlockedCycles             29043461                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu0.decode.RunCycles                   630084                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu0.decode.UnblockCycles               273147                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu0.decode.SquashCycles                 48907                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu0.decode.DecodedInsts               5936475                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu0.rename.SquashCycles                 48907                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu0.rename.IdleCycles                  583488                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu0.rename.BlockCycles               27823535                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu0.rename.serializeStallCycles          9568                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu0.rename.RunCycles                   756452                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu0.rename.UnblockCycles              1281292                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedInsts               5704174                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu0.rename.ROBFullEvents                69782                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu0.rename.IQFullEvents                963414                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu0.rename.LQFullEvents                279958                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu0.rename.SQFullEvents                   225                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedOperands            6816991                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu0.rename.RenameLookups             15941699                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu0.rename.int_rename_lookups         7429271                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.fp_rename_lookups            26488                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.CommittedMaps              2601584                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu0.rename.UndoneMaps                 4215407                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu0.rename.serializingInsts               151                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.tempSerializingInsts           195                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.skidInsts                  1797610                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedLoads             1047276                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedStores              50828                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingLoads             2825                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingStores            3149                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsAdded                   5457957                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu0.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded               2951                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsIssued                  3961927                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued             4439                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined        3290557                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      6880384                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          2951                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     30503242                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        0.129885                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       0.645525                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::0           28796906     94.41%     94.41% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::1             716471      2.35%     96.75% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::2             370438      1.21%     97.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::3             248592      0.81%     98.78% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::4             225330      0.74%     99.52% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::5              60450      0.20%     99.72% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::6              53925      0.18%     99.90% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::7              17356      0.06%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::8              13774      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       30503242                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                   7374     64.68%     64.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0      0.00%     64.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%     64.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                  728      6.39%     71.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%     71.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%     71.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0      0.00%     71.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0      0.00%     71.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%     71.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0      0.00%     71.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%     71.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%     71.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%     71.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%     71.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%     71.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%     71.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%     71.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%     71.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%     71.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%     71.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%     71.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%     71.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%     71.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%     71.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%     71.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%     71.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%     71.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%     71.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%     71.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     71.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%     71.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemRead                  3018     26.47%     97.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                  153      1.34%     98.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead              109      0.96%     99.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite              18      0.16%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            11443      0.29%      0.29% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu              3263070     82.36%     82.65% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                 737      0.02%     82.67% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                 6475      0.16%     82.83% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd               9318      0.24%     83.07% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     83.07% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     83.07% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     83.07% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     83.07% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0      0.00%     83.07% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0      0.00%     83.07% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     83.07% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     83.07% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     83.07% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     83.07% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     83.07% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     83.07% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0      0.00%     83.07% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     83.07% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     83.07% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     83.07% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     83.07% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     83.07% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     83.07% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     83.07% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     83.07% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     83.07% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     83.07% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0      0.00%     83.07% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     83.07% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     83.07% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     83.07% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead              630487     15.91%     98.98% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite              38360      0.97%     99.95% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead           1989      0.05%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite            48      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::total               3961927                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.rate                          0.129752                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_cnt                      11400                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.002877                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_reads          38419093                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_writes          8728555                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      3822597                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads              23842                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes             22912                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses        10084                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.int_alu_accesses               3949661                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_alu_accesses                  12223                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads            3448                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       631071                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           96                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            2                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        32128                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           25                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked         1284                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu0.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu0.iew.iewSquashCycles                 48907                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu0.iew.iewBlockCycles               25997725                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewUnblockCycles               257744                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispatchedInsts            5460908                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts             3178                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispLoadInsts              1047276                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispStoreInsts               50828                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts              1086                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewIQFullEvents                 11821                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                63335                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             2                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu0.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         28619                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        25060                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.branchMispredicts               53679                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecutedInsts              3905438                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecLoadInsts               610306                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts            56489                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu0.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_refs                      646166                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_branches                  486880                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_stores                     35860                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_rate                    0.127902                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu0.iew.wb_sent                       3843206                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu0.iew.wb_count                      3832681                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu0.iew.wb_producers                  2760326                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_consumers                  4432505                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_rate                      0.125519                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu0.iew.wb_fanout                    0.622746                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu0.commit.commitSquashedInsts        3291197                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu0.commit.branchMispredicts            48905                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     30041202                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.072246                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     0.482509                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     29065221     96.75%     96.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       456666      1.52%     98.27% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       110307      0.37%     98.64% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       303059      1.01%     99.65% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        46300      0.15%     99.80% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        22981      0.08%     99.88% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         3329      0.01%     99.89% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         2897      0.01%     99.90% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        30442      0.10%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     30041202                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committedInsts             1086353                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.commit.committedOps               2170351                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu0.commit.refs                        434905                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu0.commit.loads                       416205                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu0.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu0.commit.branches                    397196                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu0.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.fp_insts                      7500                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.int_insts                  2162772                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.function_calls                3300                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass         2263      0.10%      0.10% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu         1721155     79.30%     79.41% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntMult            132      0.01%     79.41% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv            5488      0.25%     79.67% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd          6408      0.30%     79.96% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     79.96% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     79.96% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.96% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.96% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     79.96% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0      0.00%     79.96% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.96% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     79.96% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.96% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     79.96% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     79.96% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     79.96% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     79.96% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0      0.00%     79.96% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.96% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.96% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.96% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     79.96% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.96% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.96% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.96% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.96% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.96% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     79.96% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.96% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.96% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.96% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemRead         415113     19.13%     99.09% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite         18700      0.86%     99.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead         1092      0.05%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::total          2170351                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.bw_lim_events                30442                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu0.rob.rob_reads                    35472308                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu0.rob.rob_writes                   11385920                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu0.timesIdled                            241                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu0.idleCycles                          31446                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu0.committedInsts                    1086353                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu0.committedOps                      2170351                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu0.cpi                             28.107519                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu0.cpi_total                       28.107519                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu0.ipc                              0.035578                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu0.ipc_total                        0.035578                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_reads                 3934227                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_writes                3313882                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_reads                    17881                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_writes                    8914                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_reads                  2585279                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_writes                 1086325                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu0.misc_regfile_reads                2080719                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements           222866                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                1024                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs             231319                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           222866                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs             1.037929                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data         1024                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          136                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          791                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           97                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses          2712946                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses         2712946                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data       212511                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         212511                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.data        17939                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         17939                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu0.data       230450                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total          230450                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu0.data       230450                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total         230450                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data       391309                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       391309                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu0.data          761                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          761                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu0.data       392070                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total        392070                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu0.data       392070                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total       392070                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  34116840500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  34116840500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data     26772497                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     26772497                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  34143612997                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  34143612997                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  34143612997                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  34143612997                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data       603820                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       603820                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.data        18700                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        18700                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu0.data       622520                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total       622520                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu0.data       622520                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total       622520                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.648056                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.648056                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.040695                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.040695                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.629811                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.629811                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.629811                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.629811                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 87186.444728                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 87186.444728                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 35180.679369                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 35180.679369                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 87085.502581                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 87085.502581                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 87085.502581                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 87085.502581                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs        12298                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs              705                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    17.443972                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         1957                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total             1957                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       169201                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       169201                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       169204                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       169204                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       169204                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       169204                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       222108                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       222108                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data          758                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          758                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       222866                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       222866                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       222866                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       222866                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  19296133000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  19296133000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     25782497                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     25782497                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  19321915497                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  19321915497                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  19321915497                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  19321915497                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.367838                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.367838                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.040535                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.040535                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.358006                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.358006                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.358006                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.358006                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 86877.253408                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 86877.253408                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 34013.848285                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 34013.848285                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 86697.457203                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 86697.457203                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 86697.457203                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 86697.457203                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse                1019                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst         1019                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.995117                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.995117                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1019                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         1019                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.995117                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses          4233788                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses         4233788                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst      1058447                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        1058447                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu0.inst      1058447                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total         1058447                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu0.inst      1058447                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total        1058447                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst      1058447                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1058447                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst      1058447                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total      1058447                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst      1058447                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total      1058447                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.branchPred.lookups                      0                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.condPredicted                0                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu1.branchPred.condIncorrect                0                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBLookups                   0                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHitPct                  nan                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu1.branchPred.usedRAS                      0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu1.branchPred.RASInCorrect                 0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectLookups              0                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectHits                 0                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectMisses               0                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu1.branchPredindirectMispredicted            0                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu1.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::samples                 0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::mean                  nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::stdev                 nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::0                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::1                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::2                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::3                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::4                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::5                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::6                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::7                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::8                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::max_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::total                   0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.idleRate                        nan                       # Percent of cycles fetch was idle
system.cpu1.fetch.branchRate                      nan                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.fetch.rate                            nan                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.rename.serializeStallCycles             0                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu1.rename.serializingInsts                 0                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.tempSerializingInsts             0                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.skidInsts                        0                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedLoads                   0                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedStores                  0                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingLoads                0                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingStores               0                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean             nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev            nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::0                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::1                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::2                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::3                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::4                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::5                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::6                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::7                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::8                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::total              0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemRead                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::total                     0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.rate                               nan                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_cnt                          0                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_rate                       nan                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                  0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads               0                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads            0                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            0                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores            0                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu1.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu1.iew.iewSquashCycles                     0                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu1.iew.iewBlockCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewUnblockCycles                    0                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispatchedInsts                  0                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispStoreInsts                   0                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                 0                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewIQFullEvents                     0                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                    0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             0                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu1.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect             0                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect            0                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.branchMispredicts                   0                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecutedInsts                    0                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu1.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_refs                           0                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_branches                       0                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_stores                         0                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_rate                         nan                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu1.iew.wb_sent                             0                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu1.iew.wb_count                            0                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu1.iew.wb_producers                        0                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_consumers                        0                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_rate                           nan                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu1.iew.wb_fanout                         nan                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::0            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::1            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::2            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::3            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::4            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::5            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::6            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::7            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::8            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::total            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committedInsts                   0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.commit.committedOps                     0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu1.commit.refs                             0                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu1.commit.loads                            0                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu1.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu1.commit.branches                         0                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu1.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.fp_insts                         0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.int_insts                        0                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.function_calls                   0                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntMult              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemRead              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::total                0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.bw_lim_events                    0                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu1.rob.rob_reads                           0                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu1.rob.rob_writes                          0                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu1.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu1.committedOps                            0                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu1.cpi                                   nan                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu1.cpi_total                             nan                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu1.ipc                                   nan                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu1.ipc_total                             nan                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.replacements                    196877                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                        16384                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                      257316                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                    196877                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      1.306989                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks       12.872353                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data     16371.127647                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.000786                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data        0.999214                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total                   1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         16384                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          134                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1         1188                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2        10314                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         4718                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           30                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                   3760509                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                  3760509                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks         1957                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total             1957                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu0.data               578                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                   578                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu0.data         25413                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total             25413                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.data                25991                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                    25991                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.data               25991                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                   25991                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0.data             180                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                 180                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu0.data       196695                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total          196695                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.data             196875                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                 196875                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.data            196875                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                196875                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data     18285000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      18285000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  18671661500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total  18671661500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  18689946500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total      18689946500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  18689946500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total     18689946500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks         1957                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         1957                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0.data           758                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total               758                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu0.data       222108                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total        222108                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.data           222866                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total               222866                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.data          222866                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total              222866                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.237467                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.237467                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.885583                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.885583                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data        0.883378                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.883378                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data       0.883378                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.883378                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 101583.333333                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 101583.333333                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 94926.975775                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 94926.975775                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 94933.061587                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 94933.061587                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 94933.061587                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 94933.061587                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                  296                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                       296                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::writebacks            1                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::total             1                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data          180                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            180                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       196695                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total       196695                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        196875                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total            196875                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       196875                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total           196875                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     16485000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     16485000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  16704721500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  16704721500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  16721206500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  16721206500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  16721206500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  16721206500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::writebacks          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.237467                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.237467                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.885583                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.885583                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.883378                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.883378                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.883378                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.883378                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 91583.333333                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 91583.333333                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 84927.026615                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84927.026615                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 84933.112381                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84933.112381                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 84933.112381                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84933.112381                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests        393743                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       196876                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             196694                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          296                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict           196572                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq               180                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp              180                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        196695                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       590617                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total       590617                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 590617                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     12618880                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total     12618880                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                12618880                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples            196875                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                  196875    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total              196875                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer4.occupancy           465703000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer4.utilization               3.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy         1063382000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              7.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests       445732                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       222870                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests          509                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops             11                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops           10                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            1                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp            222108                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         2253                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict          417490                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq              758                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp             758                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       222108                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       668598                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total                668598                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     14388672                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total               14388672                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                          196877                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                     18944                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples           419743                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.001251                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.035411                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                 419219     99.88%     99.88% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                    523      0.12%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      1      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::5                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::6                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::7                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::8                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total             419743                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy          224823000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              1.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy         334299000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             2.2                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
