
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.015267                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 15267344125                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               4671807302250                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                              122269395                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                226832876                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              329495011                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1248976                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                    46.34                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  5665421939                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   10510432284                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.data       12456256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total           12456256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks        33216                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total           33216                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.data          194629                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total              194629                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks           519                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total                519                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.data         815875761                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total             815875761                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks         2175624                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total              2175624                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks         2175624                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.data        815875761                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total            818051385                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                      194630                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                        519                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                    194630                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                      519                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM               12451392                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                    4928                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                   32896                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                12456320                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys                33216                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                     77                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     3                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0             12054                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1             12051                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2             11883                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3             11794                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4             11807                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5             12061                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6             12031                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7             11983                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8             12223                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9             12246                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10            12063                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11            12337                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12            13114                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13            12476                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14            12404                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15            12026                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10               29                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11              138                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12              291                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13               56                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                   15267457000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                194630                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6                  519                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                  146573                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                   44684                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                    3246                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                      50                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                     32                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                     32                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                     32                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                     33                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                     33                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                     32                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                     32                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                     32                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                     32                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                     32                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                     32                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                     32                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                     32                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                     32                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                     32                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                     32                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples        97389                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    128.185976                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   110.054598                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev    77.367299                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127        42365     43.50%     43.50% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255        44048     45.23%     88.73% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383         9480      9.73%     98.46% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511         1331      1.37%     99.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639          125      0.13%     99.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767           16      0.02%     99.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895            6      0.01%     99.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023            6      0.01%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151           12      0.01%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total        97389                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples           32                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean    6073.343750                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean   5935.187793                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev   1273.810580                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::3584-4095            2      6.25%      6.25% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::4096-4607            4     12.50%     18.75% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::4608-5119            3      9.38%     28.12% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::5632-6143            7     21.88%     50.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::6144-6655            6     18.75%     68.75% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::6656-7167            4     12.50%     81.25% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::7168-7679            3      9.38%     90.62% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::7680-8191            2      6.25%     96.88% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::8704-9215            1      3.12%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total            32                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples           32                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      16.062500                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     16.059000                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev      0.353553                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16               31     96.88%     96.88% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::18                1      3.12%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total            32                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                   4752578500                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat              8400447250                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                  972765000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     24428.19                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                43178.19                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                       815.56                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                         2.15                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                    815.88                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                      2.18                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         6.39                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     6.37                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    0.02                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.32                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      25.19                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                    97226                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                     453                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 49.97                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                87.79                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                      78234.87                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    50.07                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                342284460                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                181932300                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy               683040960                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy                      0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         1205309040.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy           1600486470                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy             24561120                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy      5199787380                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy       111552480                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy                0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy             9348954210                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            612.349740                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime          11692010375                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE      9665250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF     509860000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    290180750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT    3055808500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  11401829625                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                353065860                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                187658955                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy               706067460                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy                2683080                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         1205309040.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy           1647954930                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy             24455040                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy      5165518410                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy       100543200                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy                0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy             9393255975                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            615.251474                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime          11589392125                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE      9340500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF     509860000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    261973250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT    3157978500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  11328191875                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.branchPred.lookups                1627891                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.condPredicted          1627891                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu0.branchPred.condIncorrect            74755                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBLookups             1262694                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHitPct             0.000000                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu0.branchPred.usedRAS                  57324                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu0.branchPred.RASInCorrect              8943                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectLookups        1262694                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectHits            673653                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectMisses          589041                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu0.branchPredindirectMispredicted        25773                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb.rdAccesses                     778965                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrAccesses                      62100                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.dtb.rdMisses                       149190                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrMisses                         1095                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrAccesses                    1307457                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrMisses                         5438                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.workload.numSyscalls                    0                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.numCycles                        30534688                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.fetch.icacheStallCycles           1342629                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu0.fetch.Insts                       4865770                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu0.fetch.Branches                    1627891                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu0.fetch.predictedBranches            730977                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu0.fetch.Cycles                     28986347                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu0.fetch.SquashCycles                 153178                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu0.fetch.TlbCycles                      3027                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
system.cpu0.fetch.MiscStallCycles                1270                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu0.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles        50931                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu0.fetch.CacheLines                  1302019                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu0.fetch.IcacheSquashes                 9010                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.ItlbSquashes                      4                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::samples          30460793                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::mean             0.322326                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::stdev            1.433424                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::0                28600391     93.89%     93.89% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::1                   22146      0.07%     93.97% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::2                  627610      2.06%     96.03% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::3                   31359      0.10%     96.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::4                  133252      0.44%     96.57% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::5                   83306      0.27%     96.84% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::6                   87966      0.29%     97.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::7                   28568      0.09%     97.22% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::8                  846195      2.78%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::total            30460793                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.branchRate                 0.053313                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.fetch.rate                       0.159352                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.decode.IdleCycles                  682547                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu0.decode.BlockedCycles             28480296                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu0.decode.RunCycles                   908908                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu0.decode.UnblockCycles               312453                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu0.decode.SquashCycles                 76589                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu0.decode.DecodedInsts               8016356                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu0.rename.SquashCycles                 76589                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu0.rename.IdleCycles                  781423                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu0.rename.BlockCycles               27137434                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu0.rename.serializeStallCycles         28259                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu0.rename.RunCycles                  1044060                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu0.rename.UnblockCycles              1393028                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedInsts               7657603                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu0.rename.ROBFullEvents                95721                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu0.rename.IQFullEvents               1007633                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu0.rename.LQFullEvents                336614                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu0.rename.SQFullEvents                   950                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedOperands            9130323                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu0.rename.RenameLookups             21142058                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu0.rename.int_rename_lookups        10167816                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.fp_rename_lookups            42953                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.CommittedMaps              3118844                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu0.rename.UndoneMaps                 6011376                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu0.rename.serializingInsts               309                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.tempSerializingInsts           387                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.skidInsts                  1980282                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedLoads             1352117                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedStores              90701                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingLoads             5399                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingStores            5265                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsAdded                   7226400                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu0.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded               5078                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsIssued                  5209157                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued             7015                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined        4632503                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      9276410                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          5078                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     30460793                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        0.171012                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       0.763715                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::0           28373597     93.15%     93.15% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::1             805964      2.65%     95.79% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::2             438086      1.44%     97.23% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::3             298093      0.98%     98.21% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::4             306255      1.01%     99.22% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::5             100668      0.33%     99.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::6              84526      0.28%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::7              31606      0.10%     99.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::8              21998      0.07%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       30460793                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                  13060     67.72%     67.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0      0.00%     67.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%     67.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                 1303      6.76%     74.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%     74.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%     74.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0      0.00%     74.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0      0.00%     74.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%     74.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0      0.00%     74.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%     74.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%     74.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%     74.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%     74.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%     74.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%     74.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%     74.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%     74.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%     74.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%     74.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%     74.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%     74.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%     74.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%     74.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%     74.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%     74.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%     74.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%     74.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%     74.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     74.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%     74.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemRead                  4461     23.13%     97.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                  338      1.75%     99.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead              104      0.54%     99.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite              18      0.09%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            20363      0.39%      0.39% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu              4275061     82.07%     82.46% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                1266      0.02%     82.48% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                11875      0.23%     82.71% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd              16439      0.32%     83.03% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     83.03% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     83.03% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     83.03% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     83.03% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0      0.00%     83.03% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0      0.00%     83.03% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     83.03% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     83.03% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     83.03% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     83.03% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     83.03% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     83.03% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0      0.00%     83.03% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     83.03% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     83.03% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     83.03% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     83.03% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     83.03% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     83.03% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     83.03% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     83.03% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     83.03% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     83.03% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0      0.00%     83.03% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     83.03% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     83.03% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     83.03% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead              814592     15.64%     98.66% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite              66690      1.28%     99.94% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead           2822      0.05%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite            49      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::total               5209157                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.rate                          0.170598                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_cnt                      19284                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.003702                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_reads          40865133                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_writes         11828618                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      4975103                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads              40275                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes             35370                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses        17993                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.int_alu_accesses               5187336                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_alu_accesses                  20742                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads            5457                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       873040                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          195                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            7                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        56457                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           43                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked         1219                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu0.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu0.iew.iewSquashCycles                 76589                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu0.iew.iewBlockCycles               24886323                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewUnblockCycles               286212                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispatchedInsts            7231478                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts             5365                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispLoadInsts              1352117                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispStoreInsts               90701                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts              1881                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewIQFullEvents                 18951                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                86989                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             7                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu0.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         39488                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        45698                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.branchMispredicts               85186                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecutedInsts              5104673                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecLoadInsts               778550                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts           104486                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu0.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_refs                      840636                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_branches                  600724                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_stores                     62086                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_rate                    0.167176                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu0.iew.wb_sent                       5014011                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu0.iew.wb_count                      4993096                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu0.iew.wb_producers                  3680284                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_consumers                  5848808                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_rate                      0.163522                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu0.iew.wb_fanout                    0.629237                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu0.commit.commitSquashedInsts        4633292                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu0.commit.branchMispredicts            76584                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     29792980                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.087231                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     0.551559                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     28683965     96.28%     96.28% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       505984      1.70%     97.98% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       123269      0.41%     98.39% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       325349      1.09%     99.48% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        62261      0.21%     99.69% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        32483      0.11%     99.80% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         6754      0.02%     99.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         4995      0.02%     99.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        47920      0.16%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     29792980                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committedInsts             1301295                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.commit.committedOps               2598877                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu0.commit.refs                        513300                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu0.commit.loads                       479056                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu0.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu0.commit.branches                    456441                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu0.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.fp_insts                     13672                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.int_insts                  2585061                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.function_calls                6030                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass         4112      0.16%      0.16% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu         2059600     79.25%     79.41% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntMult            241      0.01%     79.42% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv            9936      0.38%     79.80% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd         11688      0.45%     80.25% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     80.25% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     80.25% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     80.25% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.25% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     80.25% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0      0.00%     80.25% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     80.25% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     80.25% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     80.25% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     80.25% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     80.25% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     80.25% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     80.25% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0      0.00%     80.25% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.25% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     80.25% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     80.25% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     80.25% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     80.25% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     80.25% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     80.25% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     80.25% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     80.25% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     80.25% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     80.25% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.25% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     80.25% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemRead         477072     18.36%     98.61% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite         34244      1.32%     99.92% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead         1984      0.08%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::total          2598877                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.bw_lim_events                47920                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu0.rob.rob_reads                    36977229                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu0.rob.rob_writes                   15134231                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu0.timesIdled                            548                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu0.idleCycles                          73895                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu0.committedInsts                    1301295                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu0.committedOps                      2598877                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu0.cpi                             23.464847                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu0.cpi_total                       23.464847                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu0.ipc                              0.042617                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu0.ipc_total                        0.042617                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_reads                 5235833                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_writes                4339171                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_reads                    31915                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_writes                   15927                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_reads                  3138313                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_writes                 1394323                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu0.misc_regfile_reads                2639593                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements           242032                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                1024                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs             369917                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           242032                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs             1.528381                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data         1024                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          133                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          792                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           99                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses          3451020                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses         3451020                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data       334662                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         334662                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.data        33231                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         33231                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu0.data       367893                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total          367893                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu0.data       367893                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total         367893                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data       433337                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       433337                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu0.data         1017                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         1017                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu0.data       434354                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total        434354                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu0.data       434354                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total       434354                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  34953980000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  34953980000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data     44073000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     44073000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  34998053000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  34998053000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  34998053000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  34998053000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data       767999                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       767999                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.data        34248                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        34248                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu0.data       802247                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total       802247                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu0.data       802247                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total       802247                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.564242                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.564242                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.029695                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.029695                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.541422                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.541422                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.541422                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.541422                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 80662.348242                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 80662.348242                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 43336.283186                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 43336.283186                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 80574.952688                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 80574.952688                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 80574.952688                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 80574.952688                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs        23777                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs              895                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    26.566480                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         2348                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total             2348                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       192312                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       192312                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       192321                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       192321                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       192321                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       192321                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       241025                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       241025                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         1008                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         1008                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       242033                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       242033                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       242033                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       242033                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  19290521500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  19290521500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     42280500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     42280500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  19332802000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  19332802000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  19332802000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  19332802000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.313835                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.313835                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.029432                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.029432                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.301694                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.301694                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.301694                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.301694                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 80035.355254                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 80035.355254                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 41944.940476                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 41944.940476                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 79876.719290                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 79876.719290                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 79876.719290                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 79876.719290                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse                1021                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst         1021                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.997070                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.997070                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1021                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         1021                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.997070                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses          5208076                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses         5208076                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst      1302019                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        1302019                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu0.inst      1302019                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total         1302019                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu0.inst      1302019                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total        1302019                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst      1302019                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1302019                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst      1302019                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total      1302019                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst      1302019                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total      1302019                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.branchPred.lookups                      0                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.condPredicted                0                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu1.branchPred.condIncorrect                0                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBLookups                   0                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHitPct                  nan                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu1.branchPred.usedRAS                      0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu1.branchPred.RASInCorrect                 0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectLookups              0                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectHits                 0                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectMisses               0                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu1.branchPredindirectMispredicted            0                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu1.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::samples                 0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::mean                  nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::stdev                 nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::0                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::1                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::2                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::3                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::4                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::5                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::6                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::7                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::8                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::max_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::total                   0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.idleRate                        nan                       # Percent of cycles fetch was idle
system.cpu1.fetch.branchRate                      nan                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.fetch.rate                            nan                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.rename.serializeStallCycles             0                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu1.rename.serializingInsts                 0                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.tempSerializingInsts             0                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.skidInsts                        0                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedLoads                   0                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedStores                  0                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingLoads                0                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingStores               0                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean             nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev            nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::0                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::1                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::2                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::3                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::4                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::5                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::6                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::7                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::8                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::total              0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemRead                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::total                     0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.rate                               nan                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_cnt                          0                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_rate                       nan                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                  0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads               0                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads            0                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            0                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores            0                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu1.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu1.iew.iewSquashCycles                     0                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu1.iew.iewBlockCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewUnblockCycles                    0                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispatchedInsts                  0                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispStoreInsts                   0                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                 0                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewIQFullEvents                     0                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                    0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             0                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu1.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect             0                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect            0                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.branchMispredicts                   0                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecutedInsts                    0                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu1.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_refs                           0                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_branches                       0                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_stores                         0                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_rate                         nan                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu1.iew.wb_sent                             0                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu1.iew.wb_count                            0                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu1.iew.wb_producers                        0                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_consumers                        0                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_rate                           nan                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu1.iew.wb_fanout                         nan                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::0            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::1            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::2            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::3            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::4            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::5            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::6            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::7            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::8            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::total            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committedInsts                   0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.commit.committedOps                     0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu1.commit.refs                             0                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu1.commit.loads                            0                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu1.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu1.commit.branches                         0                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu1.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.fp_insts                         0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.int_insts                        0                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.function_calls                   0                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntMult              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemRead              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::total                0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.bw_lim_events                    0                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu1.rob.rob_reads                           0                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu1.rob.rob_writes                          0                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu1.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu1.committedOps                            0                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu1.cpi                                   nan                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu1.cpi_total                             nan                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu1.ipc                                   nan                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu1.ipc_total                             nan                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.replacements                    194637                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                        16384                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                      282762                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                    194637                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      1.452766                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks       12.861511                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data     16371.138489                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.000785                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data        0.999215                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total                   1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         16384                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          131                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1         1192                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2        11007                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         4027                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           27                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                   4064917                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                  4064917                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks         2348                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total             2348                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu0.data               680                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                   680                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu0.data         46723                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total             46723                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.data                47403                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                    47403                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.data               47403                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                   47403                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0.data             328                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                 328                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu0.data       194302                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total          194302                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.data             194630                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                 194630                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.data            194630                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                194630                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data     33329000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      33329000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  18409694000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total  18409694000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  18443023000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total      18443023000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  18443023000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total     18443023000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks         2348                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         2348                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0.data          1008                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total              1008                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu0.data       241025                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total        241025                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.data           242033                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total               242033                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.data          242033                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total              242033                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.325397                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.325397                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.806149                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.806149                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data        0.804147                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.804147                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data       0.804147                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.804147                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 101612.804878                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 101612.804878                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 94747.835843                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 94747.835843                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 94759.405025                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 94759.405025                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 94759.405025                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 94759.405025                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                  519                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                       519                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data          328                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            328                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       194302                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total       194302                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        194630                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total            194630                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       194630                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total           194630                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     30049000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     30049000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  16466684000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  16466684000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  16496733000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  16496733000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  16496733000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  16496733000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.325397                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.325397                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.806149                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.806149                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.804147                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.804147                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.804147                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.804147                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 91612.804878                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 91612.804878                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 84747.887309                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84747.887309                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 84759.456404                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84759.456404                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 84759.456404                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84759.456404                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests        389253                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       194629                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             194301                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          519                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict           194104                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq               328                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp              328                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        194302                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       583882                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total       583882                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 583882                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     12489472                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total     12489472                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                12489472                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples            194630                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                  194630    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total              194630                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer4.occupancy           459024500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer4.utilization               3.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy         1051963000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              6.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests       484065                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       242031                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests          552                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops             14                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops           14                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp            241024                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         2867                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict          433802                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq             1008                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp            1008                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       241025                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       726097                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total                726097                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     15640320                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total               15640320                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                          194637                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                     33216                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples           436670                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.001294                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.035947                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                 436105     99.87%     99.87% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                    565      0.13%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::5                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::6                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::7                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::8                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total             436670                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy          244380500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              1.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy         363048000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             2.4                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
